
Antlers (2021)
Synopsis : In an isolated Oregon town, a middle-school teacher and her sheriff brother become embroiled with her enigmatic student, whose dark secrets lead to terrifying encounters with an ancestral creature.
Director:Scott Cooper
Stars:Keri Russell, Jesse Plemons, Jeremy T. Thomas, Graham Greene

Hostage (2021)
Synopsis : Single father and former Marine Kyle Snowden, on a routine stop for his job in Child Protective Services, finds himself and a group of innocent customers trapped inside his stepfather's store.
Director:Jon Keeyes
Stars:Tyrese Gibson, Christopher Backus, John Malkovich, Michael Jai White

Fortress (2021)
Synopsis : A group of criminals hellbent on revenge, forces a retired officer and his son to save the day.
Director:James Cullen Bressack
Stars:Bruce Willis, Chad Michael Murray, Jesse Metcalfe, Shannen Doherty

Death Valley (2021)
Synopsis : Western stories and legends based, and filmed, in and around Death Valley, California. One of the longest-running Western series, originating on radio in the 1930s. The continuing sponsor was "20 Mule Team" Borax, a product formerly mined in Death Valley.
Stars:
Robert Taylor, Ronald Reagan, Dale Robertson

The Taste of Blood (2021)
Synopsis : Three distinguished English gentlemen accidentally resurrect Count Dracula, killing a disciple of his in process. The Count seeks to avenge his dead servant, by making the trio die in the hands of their own children.
Director:Peter Sasdy
Stars:Christopher Lee, Geoffrey Keen, Gwen Watford, Linda Hayden

American Refugee (2021)
Synopsis : Follows a family seeking shelter in their neighbor's bunker, when the American economy is in collapse, and the danger inside is greater than outside.
Director:Ali LeRoi
Stars:Erika Alexander, Derek Luke, Sam Trammell, Zamani Wilder

Hurt (2021)
Synopsis : During the Iraq War, a Sergeant recently assigned to an army bomb squad is put at odds with his squad mates due to his maverick way of handling his work.
Director:Kathryn Bigelow
Stars:Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty, Guy Pearce

Famous (2021)
Synopsis : A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour.
Director:Cameron Crowe
Stars:Billy Crudup, Patrick Fugit, Kate Hudson, Frances McDormand

Agnes (2021)
Synopsis : Rumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with temptation, bloodshed and a crisis of faith.
Director:Mickey Reece
Stars:Molly C. Quinn, Sean Gunn, Chris Sullivan, Hayley McFarland

The Last Son (2021)
Synopsis : An outlaw attempts to end his evil family line.
Director:Tim Sutton
Stars:Sam Worthington, Machine Gun Kelly, Thomas Jane, Emily Marie Palmer

The Unforgivable (2021)
Synopsis : A woman is released from prison after serving a sentence for a violent crime and re-enters a society that refuses to forgive her past.
Director:Nora Fingscheidt
Stars:Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Vincent D'Onofrio, Jon Bernthal

Back to the Outback (2021)
Synopsis : Tired of being locked in a reptile house where humans gawk at them like they're monsters, a group of Australia's deadliest creatures plot a daring escape from their zoo to the Outback.
Directors:Harry Cripps,
|     Stars:Isla Fisher, Guy Pearce, Jacki Weaver, Eric Bana

Even Mice Belong in Heaven (2021)
Synopsis : A film about two mortal enemies - a little Mouse and a Fox, who after an unfortunate accident, meet in animal heaven. They lose their natural instincts and become best friends. Their wish
Directors:Jan Bubenicek,
|     Stars:Erica Schroeder, Marc Thompson, Tyler Bunch, Wayne Grayson

Encounter (2021)
Synopsis : Two brothers embark on a journey with their father, who is trying to protect them from an alien threat.
Director:Michael Pearce
Stars:Riz Ahmed, Octavia Spencer, Lucian-River Chauhan, Aditya Geddada

The Hating Game (2021)
Synopsis : Resolving to achieve professional success without compromising her ethics, Lucy embarks on a ruthless game of one-upmanship against cold and efficient nemesis Joshua, a rivalry that is complicated by her growing attraction to him.
Director:Peter Hutchings
Stars:Lucy Hale, Austin Stowell, Corbin Bernsen, Sakina Jaffrey

The End of Us (2021)
Synopsis : After a savage breakup, two exes must continue living together when California issues its stay-at-home order for COVID-19. Now they'll try to move on without moving out.
Directors:Steven Kanter,
|     Stars:Ben Coleman, Ali Vingiano, Derrick Joseph DeBlasis, Gadiel Del Orbe

The Devil's Ring (2021)
Synopsis : After a Traumatic past, a once promising young Boxing prospect , Anthony Santiago ( Alexander Luna) returns home from Prison to seek redemption, only to catch the attention of a big Boxing
Director:Juan Salas
Stars:Jeremiah Alexander, Damian Chapa, Pablo De Leon, Alcides Dias

The Reenactment (2021)
Synopsis : A film crew working on a TV show like "Unsolved Mysteries" who get more than they bargained for when they arrive at what's supposed to be an abandoned house in the mid 90s.
Director:Andrew Ford
Stars:Megan Duffy, Tony Todd, Stephen Wesley Green, Kaitlyn Bausch

Are You Happy Now (2021)
Synopsis : Adam thinks marrying Gina will save his life, but to her, true love might mean divorce.
Director:David Beinstein
Stars:Josh Ruben, Catherine Curtin, Ismenia Mendes, Danny Johnson

The Scrapper (2021)
Synopsis : Ex-con turned "scrapper" Jake leads a quiet life caring for his family until he is pursued by violent Punjabi and Mexican criminals following a botched robbery.
Director:Bari Kang
Stars:Ava Paloma, Craig muMs Grant, Myles Clohessy, Anil Kumar

Creatures (2020)
Synopsis : The numerous adventures of a friendly staff at a country veterinarian practice in 1930s to 1940s Yorkshire.
Stars:
Anna Madeley, Samuel West, Rachel Shenton

John 316 (2021)
Synopsis : A psychiatric hospital is turned upside down when a mysterious drifter is admitted and assigned to room 316. Known only as John Doe, the other patients believe that he bears an uncanny resemblance to Jesus Christ.
Director:Jarvis Greiner
Stars:Skylar Radzion, Afton Rentz, Jarvis Greiner, Griffin Cork

India Sweets and Spices (2021)
Synopsis : When college freshman Alia returns home for the summer, she discovers secrets and lies in her parents' past that make her question everything she thought she knew about her family.
Director:Geeta Malik
Stars:Sophia Ali, Manisha Koirala, Anita Kalathara, Rish Shah

The Wishing Tree (2021)
Synopsis : A special Christmas tree decorated with handwritten wishes helps Evan and his group of orphaned students develop a connection and a sense of family.
Director:Terry Ingram
Stars:Jason Gedrick, Erica Cerra, Richard Harmon, Amitai Marmorstein

Maya and Her Lover (2021)
Synopsis : The mundane life of a 39 year old introvert is disrupted when she begins a steamy but contentious affair with a much younger Man.
Director:Nicole Sylvester
Stars:Ashanti J'Aria, Shomari Love, Al Thompson, Faiven Feshazion

The Handler (2021)
Synopsis : After throwing a job, an ex-Marine seeks refuge in a safe house where he is swarmed by mercenaries sent to kill him.
Director:Michael Matteo Rossi
Stars:Rachel Alig, Maddison Bullock, Jazsmin Lewis, Cathy Baron

Secrets in the Wilderness (2021)
Synopsis : Lisa and Tyler's marriage is on the rocks after Lisa discovers she's pregnant - she's been hoping to start a family but Tyler wants to focus on his business - an outdoor adventure
Director:Jason Wan Lim
Stars:Stephanie Bennett, Stafford Perry, Kylee Bush, John Treleaven

Deadly Cuts (2021)
Synopsis : Things go badly for a hack director and film crew shooting a low budget zombie movie in an abandoned WWII Japanese facility, when they are attacked by real zombies.
Director:Shin'ichirô Ueda
Stars:Takayuki Hamatsu, Yuzuki Akiyama, Harumi Shuhama, Kazuaki Nagaya

Red Snow (2021)
Synopsis : Still on the run from a group of Nazi zombies, a man seeks the aid of a group of American zombie enthusiasts, and discovers new techniques for fighting the zombies.
Director:Tommy Wirkola
Stars:Geir Vegar Hoel, Ørjan Gamst, Martin Starr, Jocelyn DeBoer

Badland Doves (2021)
Synopsis : On the trail to seek justice for murders by a man the entire town is protecting, these girls are out for revenge and they're up to the fight.
Director:Paul Winters
Stars:Tyson Alexander, Fredrick Charles Bevington Iii, Paul Bukoskey, Jimmy Cochran

Silent Night (2021)
Synopsis : Nell, Simon, and their son Art are ready to welcome friends and family for what promises to be a perfect Christmas gathering. Perfect except for one thing: everyone is going to die.
Director:Camille Griffin
Stars:Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode, Roman Griffin Davis, Annabelle Wallis

Red Stone (2021)
Synopsis : A dangerous hitman (Neal McDonough) is tasked with hunting down a teenager who witnessed the murder of his older brother at the hands of a ruthless Southern crime lord (Michael Cudlitz).
Director:Derek Presley
Stars:Neal McDonough, Mike Dopud, Michael Cudlitz, Alexandria DeBerry

Home (2021)
Synopsis : With Spider-Man's identity now revealed, Peter asks Doctor Strange for help. When a spell goes wrong, dangerous foes from other worlds start to appear, forcing Peter to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man.
Director:Jon Watts
Stars:Benedict Cumberbatch, Zendaya, Marisa Tomei, Tom Holland

Mixtape (2021)
Synopsis : When a young girl accidentally destroys the mixtape that belonged to her mother, she sets out to track down each of the obscure songs on the cassette.
Director:Valerie Weiss
Stars:Gemma Brooke Allen, Julie Bowen, Audrey Hsieh, Olga Petsa

Diary of a Wimpy Kid (2021)
Synopsis : Greg Heffley is an ambitious kid with an active imagination and big plans to be rich and famous. The problem is that he has to survive middle school first.
Director:Swinton O. Scott III
Stars:Cyrus Arnold, Braxton Baker, Erica Cerra, Lossen Chambers

This Game's Called Murder (2021)
Synopsis : A modern, dark-humored tale of greed, romance, and lost innocence in consumer-crazed, alienated society that functions as a harsh critique of society today without taking itself too seriously.
Director:Adam Sherman
Stars:Natasha Henstridge, Ron Perlman, Vanessa Marano, Judson Mills

Deadlock (2021)
Synopsis : An ex-military man working at a Georgia power plant has to spring into action to prevent disaster when a group of rogue soldiers gain control of the plant and take the employees hostage.
Director:Jared Cohn
Stars:Patrick Muldoon, Bruce Willis, Matthew Marsden, Michael DeVorzon

Castle Falls (2021)
Synopsis : Rival gangs seek out millions of dollars hidden inside a luxury condominium that's scheduled to be demolished, but first they have to deal with the janitor who found the loot first.
Director:Dolph Lundgren
Stars:Scott Adkins, Dolph Lundgren, Kim DeLonghi, Jim E. Chandler

Funny Thing About Love (2021)
Synopsis : A successful business woman takes her boyfriend home for Thanksgiving only to find her family is scheming to reunite her with her lost love.
Director:Adam White
Stars:Landen Adams, Alaina Beauloye, Summer Bellessa, Barry Corbin

Annie Live! (2021)
Synopsis : A young orphan opens the heart of billionaire Sir Oliver "Daddy" Warbucks.
Directors:Lear Debessonet,
|     Stars:Nicole Scherzinger, Taraji P. Henson, Harry Connick Jr., Celina Smith

American Sicario (2021)
Synopsis : American gangster Erik Vasquez (Philippe A. Haddad) is scheming to become the top dog in the Mexican underworld, only to find himself making enemies out of both the powerful cartels and his own allies.
Director:RJ Collins
Stars:Danny Trejo, Maya Stojan, Maurice Compte, Philippe A. Haddad

I'm Your Man (2021)
Synopsis : In order to obtain research funds for her studies, a scientist accepts an offer to participate in an extraordinary experiment: for three weeks, she is to live with a humanoid robot, created to make her happy.
Director:Maria Schrader
Stars:Maren Eggert, Sandra Hüller, Dan Stevens, Jürgen Tarrach

Belfast (2021)
Synopsis : A young boy and his working-class Belfast family experience the tumultuous late 1960s.
Director:Kenneth Branagh
Stars:Jude Hill, Lewis McAskie, Caitriona Balfe, Jamie Dornan

Ron's Gone Wrong (2021)
Synopsis : The story of Barney, an awkward middle-schooler and Ron, his new walking, talking, digitally-connected device. Ron's malfunctions set against the backdrop of the social media age launch them on a journey to learn about true friendship.
Directors:Sarah Smith,
Octavio E. Rodriguez|     Stars:Jack Dylan Grazer, Zach Galifianakis, Ed Helms, Olivia Colman

Last Shoot Out (2021)
Synopsis : After newlywed Jocelyn learns that her husband Jody (Michael Welch, Twilight franchise) had her father shot down, she flees from the Callahan ranch in fear. She's rescued by gunman Billy
Director:Michael Feifer
Stars:Brock Harris, Skylar Witte, Peter Sherayko, Jay Pickett

Devil's Triangle (2021)
Synopsis : When a group of marine biologists crash land in the Bermuda Triangle, they realize they have stumbled into the lost city of Atlantis. But they quickly discover the city isn't friendly, and
Director:Brendan Petrizzo
Stars:Diana Prince, Fred Williamson, Alyson Gorske, Morgan Bradley

The Unkind (2021)
Synopsis : In 2008, six friends from NY decide to vacation together in Italy, they think they are in for a smooth and easy two weeks full of beers, partying, and fun. Their vacation soon turns
Director:Luca Gabriele Rossetti
Stars:Taylor Skeens, Tommaso Basili, Kavita Albizzati, Arianna Monguzzi

Good Thief (2021)
Synopsis : A Detroit-set crime noir thriller about three small-time thieves who rip off a neighborhood pawnbroker of his valuable baseball card collection, only to find out they've unleashed something much more sinister.
Director:Lance Kawas
Stars:Peter Donahue, Shomari Giles, Robert Laenen, Melanie Mahanna

House of Glass (2021)
Synopsis : Convinced of her husbands infidelity, a woman's obsessive search for the truth turns deadly.
Director:Reyn Del Rio
Stars:Jenny Shakeshaft, Stephen Ellis, Alexandra Bard, Clayton Farris

BLONDE Purple (2021)
Synopsis : An out-of-his depth inexperienced criminal is stuck in a bank, after a heist went wrong. How will he get out?
Director:Marcus Flemmings
Stars:Roger Ajogbe, Adam J. Bernard, Ellie Bindman, Andy Chaplin

The Last Duel (2021)
Synopsis : King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire by challenging him to a duel.
Director:Ridley Scott
Stars:Matt Damon, Adam Driver, Jodie Comer, Harriet Walter

The Middle Man (2021)
Synopsis : Frank Farrelli takes on the job as a middle man in the God-forsaken town of Karmack, USA, a community in a depression so deep that they need a middle man to professionally communicate more of the bad news.
Director:Bent Hamer
Stars:Don McKellar, Kenneth Welsh, Nina Andresen Borud, Nicolas Bro

Nash Bridges (2021)
Synopsis : Nash Bridges continues to run San Francisco's SIU in 2020 while confronting a changing city, a new boss, and a world in which police work focuses on modern data-crunching and predictive
Director:Greg Beeman
Stars:Don Johnson, Cheech Marin, Joe Dinicol, Diarra Kilpatrick

Dirty Little Deeds (2021)
Synopsis : Suspicious of her new husband, a woman begins digging into his family's past and uncovers a deadly web of lies.
Director:Dylan Vox
Stars:Nayirah Teshali, Adam Hollick, Ashley Doris, Nicole Danielle Watts

Sinister Switch (2021)
Synopsis : A couple welcomes their long-lost daughter home but begin to question whether she really is their child.
Director:Christopher Redmond
Stars:Emily Alatalo, Steve Belford, Jas Dhanda, Adrian Falconer

Pups Alone (2021)
Synopsis : While everyone is away on a company ski trip, Robert's neighbor hires two inept thieves to steal his latest invention. The neighborhood dogs will use Robert's inventions to set up a house of horrors for the thieves.
Director:Alex Merkin
Stars:Jerry O'Connell, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Rob Schneider, Danny Trejo

An Intrusion (2021)
Synopsis : Sam and his family are terrorized by a malicious stalker
Director:Nicholas Holland
Stars:Scout Taylor-Compton, Keir Gilchrist, Billy Boyd, Dustin Prince

The Last Rite (2021)
Synopsis : A medical student suffering from sleep paralysis finds herself plagued by a demonic entity, after moving in with her boyfriend.
Director:Leroy Kincaide
Stars:Bethan Waller, Johnny Fleming, Kit Smith, Tara Hoyos-Martinez

Ayar (2021)
Synopsis : Ayar, a first-generation American Latina, returns home to reunite with her daughter. But when her mother, Renata, refuses to let her see her due to Covid, Ayar is confronted by the many roles she's been forced to play.
Director:Floyd Russ
Stars:Ariana Ron Pedrique, Vilma Vega, Henry Foster Brown, Simon Haycock

The Matchmaker (2021)
Synopsis : After a career-ending accident, former NFL recruit Ian Hunter is back on campus-and he's ready to get his new game on.
Director:Tosca Musk
Stars:Nick Bateman, Caitlin Carver, Tyler Johnson, Justene Alpert

Maysville (2021)
Synopsis : A young boy, Teddy Rogers is devastated by a tragic accident and taken from his family to pay a penance which forces him into a life of hard labor. Four years later, he escapes to the town
Director:Leslie Goyette
Stars:Trin Miller, Russell Hodgkinson, Cheyenne Barton, Brian Sutherland

Ashley Jones Is Perfectly Normal (2021)
Synopsis : Desperate to get her life back to normal after a surprisingly uncommon medical diagnosis, Ashley Jones is forced to examine what "normalcy" really means in a world of mistaken identities, very old, old friends, and poisoned meatballs.
Director:Thomas Bangert
Stars:Hana Yuka Sano, Loa Allebach, Chris Yeschenko, Coby J. Marcum

Off the Rails (2021)
Synopsis : Three fifty-something women set out to repeat the European inter-railing adventures of their youth, after their close friend passes away leaving them rail tickets, and a final request: to take her teenage daughter with them.
Director:Jules Williamson
Stars:Jenny Seagrove, Sally Phillips, Ismael Calvillo Millán, Kelly Preston

The Shuroo Process (2021)
Synopsis : When a young NYC based freelance magazine writer, frustrated with the pressures of a failing publishing world and a less than promising romantic life, becomes infatuated by a wildly charismatic self-help guru it sends her on a journey of self improvement with catastrophic consequences.
Director:Emrhys Cooper
Stars:Brad Dourif, Fiona Dourif, Eric Roberts, Jeff Hephner

The Humans (2021)
Synopsis : Set inside a pre-war duplex in downtown Manhattan, The Humans follows the course of an evening in which the Blake family gathers to celebrate Thanksgiving. As darkness falls outside the
Director:Stephen Karam
Stars:Richard Jenkins, Jayne Houdyshell, Amy Schumer, Beanie Feldstein

Nitram (2021)
Synopsis : Events leading up to the 1996 Port Arthur massacre on Tasmania in an attempt to understand why and how the atrocity occurred.
Director:Justin Kurzel
Stars:Caleb Landry Jones, Judy Davis, Anthony LaPaglia, Phoebe Taylor

My Fiona (2021)
Synopsis : Devastated by the unexpected suicide of her best friend Fiona, Jane helps Fiona's widow care for their son. The relationship develops from a friendship to a deeper affair that's potentially catastrophic to the healing of all involved.
Director:Kelly Walker
Stars:Jeanette Maus, Corbin Reid, Elohim Nycalove, Sara Amini

Ma Belle, My Beauty (2021)
Synopsis : A surprise reunion in the South of France reignites passions and jealousies between two women who were formerly polyamorous lovers.
Director:Marion Hill
Stars:Idella Johnson, Hannah Pepper, Lucien Guignard, Sivan Noam Shimon

Autumn Road (2021)
Synopsis : Twin brothers running a haunted house and an aspiring actress are all affected by the disappearance of a young girl.
Director:Riley Cusick
Stars:Lorelei Linklater, Riley Cusick, Justin Meeks, Lar Park-Lincoln

Boiling Point (2021)
Synopsis : Enter the relentless pressure of a restaurant kitchen as a head chef wrangles his team on the busiest day of the year.
Director:Philip Barantini
Stars:Stephen Graham, Vinette Robinson, Alice Feetham, Jason Flemyng

Welcome to the Show (2021)
Synopsis : An invitation to a mysterious theatre piece, "The Show," sends four best friends down a rabbit hole of mistrust and madness as they try to figure out who are the actors, who is the audience, who is doing this to them, and why.
Director:Dorie Barton
Stars:Richard Follin, Dillon Douglasson, Keegan Garant, Christopher Martin

Spencer (2021)
Synopsis : During her Christmas holidays with the royal family at the Sandringham estate in Norfolk, England, Diana Spencer, struggling with mental health problems, decides to end her decade-long marriage to Prince Charles.
Director:Pablo Larraín
Stars:Kristen Stewart, Timothy Spall, Jack Nielen, Freddie Spry

God's Not Dead(2021)
Synopsis : Reverend Dave defending himself and a group of Christian homeschooling families after the inspection by the local government official.
Director:Vance Null
Stars:David A.R. White, William Forsythe, Isaiah Washington, Antonio Sabato Jr.

Fixed (2021)
Synopsis : On the night low-level gambler, Daz Clemance is leaving Birmingham to start a crime-free life with his girlfriend in Spain, he's accused of fixing a bareknuckle fight in a warehouse. He is beaten, stabbed and locked in a cupboard.
Director:Jez Alsop
Stars:Nicholas Clarke, Nisaro Karim, Dean Kilbey, Darren Tassell

Black Friday (2021)
Synopsis : A group of toy store employees must protect each other from a horde of parasite infected shoppers.
Director:Casey Tebo
Stars:Devon Sawa, Ivana Baquero, Ryan Lee, Stephen Peck

Skateshop (2021)
Synopsis : A group of Skaters band together to save their local Skateshop
Directors:Ryan Peimer,
Zack Whyel|     Stars:Bo Mitchell, Chelsea Murphy, Zack Whyel, Michael Ruff

The Elevator (2021)
Synopsis : Roman Juniper, a husband, and father of three is forced to go work on the Saturday of his daughter's birthday. He plans to return home in time for his daughter's birthday party before
Directors:Jack Cook,
|     Stars:Tim Dougherty, Elliot, Dan Gregory, Avery Ilardi

The Feast (2021)
Synopsis : Filmed in Welsh, the picture follows a young woman serving privileged guests at a dinner party in a remote house in rural Wales. The assembled guests do not realize they are about to eat their last supper.
Director:Lee Haven Jones
Stars:Annes Elwy, Nia Roberts, Julian Lewis Jones, Steffan Cennydd

Old (2021)
Synopsis : A vacationing family discovers that the secluded beach where they're relaxing for a few hours is somehow causing them to age rapidly, reducing their entire lives into a single day.
Director:M. Night Shyamalan
Stars:Gael García Bernal, Vicky Krieps, Rufus Sewell, Alex Wolff

King Richard (2021)
Synopsis : A look at how tennis superstars Venus and Serena Williams became who they are after the coaching from their father Richard Williams.
Director:Reinaldo Marcus Green
Stars:Will Smith, Aunjanue Ellis, Jon Bernthal, Saniyya Sidney

Tick Tick Boom (2021)
Synopsis : On the cusp of his 30th birthday, a promising young theater composer navigates love, friendship and the pressures of life as an artist in New York City.
Director:Lin-Manuel Miranda
Stars:Andrew Garfield, Alexandra Shipp, Robin de Jesus, Vanessa Hudgens

The Pizzagate Massacre (2021)
Synopsis : A dark social satire inspired by the real life conspiracy theory known as Pizzagate. An amateur journalist and a far-right militiaman team up to expose the ugly truth behind rumors involving sex cults, a pizza place and the lizard people.
Director:John Valley
Stars:Lee Eddy, John Valley, Gary Teague, Tinus Seaux

Hide and Seek (2021)
Synopsis : When a wealthy businessman follows a lead to find his missing brother, he dives headlong into a twisted underworld of squatters and vagrants that threatens to tear apart his family as he struggles to maintain his sanity.
Director:Joel David Moore
Stars:Mustafa Shakir, Joe Pantoliano, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Jacinda Barrett

She Paradise (2021)
Synopsis : A teenage girl stumbles upon a free-spirited dance crew, leading to alluring but unsettling encounters with nightlife and money.
Director:Maya Cozier
Stars:Michael Cherrie, Kimberly Crichton, Denisia Latchman, Kern Mollineau

A House on the Bayou (2021)
Synopsis : Follows a troubled couple and their daughter who go on vacation to an isolated house in the Louisiana bayou to reconnect as a family. But when unexpected visitors arrive, the unity starts to unravel.
Director:Alex McAulay
Stars:Angela Sarafyan, Paul Schneider, Lia McHugh, Jacob Lofland

Heart of Champions (2021)
Synopsis : During their last year at an Ivy League college in 1999, a group of friends and crew teammates' lives are changed forever when an army vet takes over as coach of their dysfunctional rowing team.
Director:Michael Mailer
Stars:Michael Shannon, Alexander Ludwig, Charles Melton, Alex MacNicoll

Freeland (2021)
Synopsis : An aging pot farmer finds her world shattered as she races to bring in what could be her final harvest.
Directors:Mario Furloni,
|     Stars:Lily Gladstone, Frank Mosley, Krisha Fairchild, Cameron James Matthews

Last Night in Soho (2021)
Synopsis : An aspiring fashion designer is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past start to crack and splinter into something darker.
Director:Edgar Wright
Stars:Thomasin McKenzie, Anya Taylor-Joy, Matt Smith, Diana Rigg

Zeros and Ones (2021)
Synopsis : An American soldier stationed in Rome with the Vatican blown up, embarks on a hero's journey to uncover and defend against an unknown enemy threatening the entire world.
Director:Abel Ferrara
Stars:Ethan Hawke, Valerio Mastandrea, Cristina Chiriac, Babak Karimi

Bruised (2021)
Synopsis : A disgraced MMA fighter finds redemption in the cage and the courage to face her demons when the son she had given up as an infant unexpectedly reenters her life.
Director:Halle Berry
Stars:Halle Berry, Adan Canto, Sheila Atim, Adriane Lenox

Fisher (2021)
Synopsis : A female sleuth sashays through the back lanes and jazz clubs of Melbourne in the late 1920s, fighting injustice with her pearl-handled pistol and her dagger-sharp wit.
Stars:
Nathan Page, Hugo Johnstone-Burt, Ashleigh Cummings

Blue Moon Ball (2021)
Synopsis : Grace Montague, a writer, returns to her hometown to finish her final novel. Upon arriving home she finds her first love, Sean, desperate to save the town's historic ballroom, and needs her help the night of the rare Blue Moon Ball.
Director:Tara Cowell-Plain
Stars:Oscar Balderrama, Jon Briddell, Brianne Buishas, Marco DelVecchio

Divided We Fall (2021)
Synopsis : A group of girls from the hood commit a robbery that has their lives spinning out of control.
Director:Jamal Doctor
Stars:Dan Sheynin, Kyah Baby, Yellow Diamond, Jamal Doctor

The Towel Man (2021)
Synopsis : A serial rapist terrorizes a small town and becomes infamously known as the Towel Man.
Director:Anthony Rolando Brown
Stars:Djuan Artist, Cassandra Ayers, Antonette Brown, Stephanie Elliot

Madison Baker Was Here (2021)
Synopsis : On her last night in town, a shy teenager sneaks out with her best friends to throw caution to the wind and confess her feelings to her longtime crush.
Director:Matt Gray
Stars:Joe Getty, Izzy Weaver, Madeline L'Engle, DeLanoye Robertson

Noahs Shark (2021)
Synopsis : A fame-seeking televangelist and his film crew team set out to find the fabled Noah's Ark, but discover it is guarded by both an ancient curse and a prehistoric great white shark.
Director:Mark Polonia
Stars:Jeff Kirkendall, Ryan Dalton, Jamie Morgan, Tim Hatch

Introducing Jodea (2021)
Synopsis : A struggling young actress's fortunes change when the a world famous movie director drives into the back of her car.
Director:Jon Cohen
Stars:Miles Faber, Chloe Traicos, Lou Pizarro, Sammy Anderson

Sanzaru (2020)
Synopsis : As dementia engulfs her employer, a fragile home health aide begins to question her own sanity.
Director:Xia Magnus
Stars:Aina Dumlao, Justin Arnold, Matthew Albrecht, Jon Viktor Corpuz

Don't Say Its Name (2021)
Synopsis : After environmental activist Kharis Redwater is called back to the living world by her mother Mary Lynn after a questionable "accident" that cost Kharis her life, an ancient spirit is
Director:Rueben Martell
Stars:Sera-Lys McArthur, Madison Walsh, Julian Black Antelope, Samuel Marty

The Zeme (2021)
Synopsis : A developer relocates to a remote island with his family, where the cursed land takes over his soul and makes him a killer.
Director:Goldie Dhillon
Stars:Nick Preston, Shenandoah Adams, Leysan Timirboulatova, Alexis Frison

Motherly (2021)
Synopsis : A father recounts to his children - through a series of flashbacks - the journey he and his four best friends took leading up to him meeting their mother.
Stars:
Jason Segel, Cobie Smulders, Neil Patrick Harris

Night Night (2021)
Synopsis : An aspiring fashion designer is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters a dazzling wannabe singer. But the glamour is not all it appears to be and the dreams of the past start to crack and splinter into something darker.
Director:Edgar Wright
Stars:Thomasin McKenzie, Anya Taylor-Joy, Matt Smith, Diana Rigg

Repeat (2021)
Synopsis : While trying to make his sister's wedding day go smoothly, Jack finds himself juggling an angry ex-girlfriend, an uninvited guest with a secret, a misplaced sleep sedative, and the girl that got away in alternate versions of the same day.
Director:Dean Craig
Stars:Sam Claflin, Olivia Munn, Freida Pinto, Eleanor Tomlinson

Adele One Night Only (2021)
Synopsis : A primetime special welcoming back the superstar performer with an extraordinary concert performance that includes the earliest opportunity to hear her first new material in six years.
Director:Paul Dugdale
Stars:Adele, Oprah Winfrey, James Corden, Portia de Rossi

The Accursed (2021)
Synopsis : Hana spends twenty years suppressing a maleficent curse that was placed upon her bloodline, only to have a family member knowingly release it forcing her to kill or to be killed.
Directors:Kathryn Michelle,
|     Stars:Yancy Butler, Izabela Vidovic, George Harrison Xanthis, Maiara Walsh

The Legend of Jack and Jill (2021)
Synopsis : A horror retelling of the nursery rhyme Jack and Jill. A group of friends grieving a recent loss meet up with one another only to discover they are being hunted by Jack and Jill.
Director:Jack Peter Mundy
Stars:Jo Barker, Sarah T. Cohen, Beatrice Fletcher, Clint Gordon

The Book of Vision (2021)
Synopsis : Eva, a mysterious doctor, searches for an answer to her urgent dilemma as she unravels Dr. Anmuth's Book of Vision. Stellan gets involved in her life and is forced to confront his own nature, as Eva faces the biggest decision of her life.
Director:Carlo Hintermann
Stars:Charles Dance, Lotte Verbeek, Sverrir Gudnason, Filippo Nigro

The Pebble and the Boy (2021)
Synopsis : The story follows John Parker, a 19 year old from Manchester who embarks on a journey to Brighton, the spiritual home of the Mods, on an old Lambretta scooter left to him by his father. The
Director:Chris Green
Stars:Jesse Birdsall, Max Boast, Rick S. Carr, Julian Clapton

Red Notice (2021)
Synopsis : An Interpol agent tracks the world's most wanted art thief.
Director:Rawson Marshall Thurber
Stars:Dwayne Johnson, Ryan Reynolds, Gal Gadot, Ritu Arya

Clifford the Big Red Dog (2021)
Synopsis : A young girl's love for a tiny puppy named Clifford makes the dog grow to an enormous size.
Director:Walt Becker
Stars:Darby Camp, Jack Whitehall, Izaac Wang, John Cleese

Passing (2021)
Synopsis : "Passing" follows the unexpected reunion of two high school friends, whose renewed acquaintance ignites a mutual obsession that threatens both of their carefully constructed realities.
Director:Rebecca Hall
Stars:Tessa Thompson, Ruth Negga, André Holland, Bill Camp

Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)
Synopsis : Shang-Chi, the master of weaponry-based Kung Fu, is forced to confront his past after being drawn into the Ten Rings organization.
Director:Destin Daniel Cretton
Stars:Simu Liu, Awkwafina, Tony Chiu-Wai Leung, Ben Kingsley

No Time to Die (2021)
Synopsis : James Bond has left active service. His peace is short-lived when Felix Leiter, an old friend from the CIA, turns up asking for help, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology.
Director:Cary Joji Fukunaga
Stars:Daniel Craig, Ana de Armas, Rami Malek, Léa Seydoux

The Electrical Life of Louis Wain (2021)
Synopsis : English artist Louis Wain rises to prominence at the end of the 19th century for his surreal cat paintings that seemed to reflect his declining sanity.
Director:Will Sharpe
Stars:Benedict Cumberbatch, Claire Foy, Andrea Riseborough, Toby Jones

Finch (2021)
Synopsis : On a post-apocalyptic earth, a robot, built to protect the life of his creator's beloved dog, learns about life, love, friendship and what it means to be human.
Director:Miguel Sapochnik
Stars:Tom Hanks, Caleb Landry Jones, Marie Wagenman, Lora Martinez-Cunningham

The Harder They Fall (2021)
Synopsis : When an outlaw discovers his enemy is being released from prison, he reunites his gang to seek revenge in this Western.
Director:Jeymes Samuel
Stars:Jonathan Majors, Zazie Beetz, RJ Cyler, Edi Gathegi

Dangerous (2021)
Synopsis : Desperate to take care of his pregnant wife before a terminal illness can take his life, Dodge Tynes accepts an offer to participate in a deadly game where he soon discovers that he's not the hunter - but the prey.
Stars:
Sarah Gadon, Christoph Waltz, Zach Cherry

The Bezonians (2021)
Synopsis : In the Bezonians social club in North London, A group of down and outs scheme, plot and dream of becoming rich and breaking out of the monotony of their dreary and financially impotent lives.
Director:Savvas D. Michael
Stars:Marina Sirtis, Vinnie Jones, Christopher Sciueref, Kem Hassan

Night At The Eagle Inn (2021)
Synopsis : Fraternal twins spend a hellish night at the remote inn their father disappeared from the night they were born.
Director:Erik Bloomquist
Stars:Amelia Dudley, Taylor Turner, Greg Schweers, Beau Minniear

The Spore (2021)
Synopsis : The lives of ten strangers intersect through a terrifying chain of events as a mutating fungus begins to spread through a small town wiping out everyone that comes into contact with it.
Director:D.M. Cunningham
Stars:Jeanie Jefferies, Haley Heslip, Peter Tell, Jackson Ezinga

Isolation (2021)
Synopsis : Nine tales of terror weave together the story of isolated citizens around the world as they confront their darkest fears in an attempt to survive an increasingly deadly outbreak.
Directors:Alix Austin,
Larry Fessenden, Dennie Gordon, Andrew Kasch, Kyle I. Kelley, Alexandra Neary, Christian Pasquariello, Zach Passero, Bobby Roe, Keir Siewert|     Stars:Alix Austin, Bob Ballou, Fine Belger, Jack Bennett

Carolina's Calling (2021)
Synopsis : Add a Plot
Director:Michael Saquella
Stars:Antonio Sabato Jr., Stacey Dash, Jacob Hopkins, Savanah Moss

Bigfoot Famous (2021)
Synopsis : When a viral video of Bigfoot emerges, a once popular influencer goes on a mission to film a vlog with Bigfoot and regain her fame.
Directors:Sam Milman,
|     Stars:Steph Barkley, Chris Kleckner, Sam Milman, Lauren Howard Hayes

The Covid Killer (2021)
Synopsis : A serial killer the media has dubbed "The Covid Killer" is terrorizing the citizens of New York during the coronavirus pandemic.
Director:Jeff Knite
Stars:Jeff Knite, Paugh Shadow, Johnny Careccia, Mike Benz

Electric Jesus (2020)
Synopsis : Alabama preacher's daughter runs off with a touring Christian hair metal band during the summer of 1986.
Director:Chris White
Stars:Brian Baumgartner, Judd Nelson, Rhoda Griffis, Claire Bronson

The Eyes of Tammy Faye (2021)
Synopsis : An intimate look at the extraordinary rise, fall and redemption of televangelist Tammy Faye Bakker.
Director:Michael Showalter
Stars:Jessica Chastain, Andrew Garfield, Cherry Jones, Vincent D'Onofrio

Flag Day (2021)
Synopsis : A father lives a double life as a counterfeiter, bank robber and con man in order to provide for his daughter.
Director:Sean Penn
Stars:Mitchell McCormick, Tom Anniko, Dylan Penn, Regina King

13 Minutes (2021)
Synopsis : Four families in a Heartland town are tested in a single day when a tornado hits, forcing paths to cross and redefining the meaning of survival.
Director:Lindsay Gossling
Stars:Amy Smart, Thora Birch, Anne Heche, Sofia Vassilieva

Outlier (2021)
Synopsis : An entry in the new sub-genre of "movies made in lock-down". Olivia Davis escapes her abuser with the help of a kind stranger, but his intentions are not yet clear to her. She must figure out the situation and escape her nightmare.
Director:Nate Strayer
Stars:Jessica Denton, Thomas Cheslek, Kally Khourshid, Nate Strayer

Curtis (2020)
Synopsis : A former basketball star battles with his mental illness while scouring the streets of Detroit with a young boy, in search of his lost high school championship ring.
Director:Chris Bailey
Stars:Alex Henderson, Dwight Henry, Kalena Knox, Thaddeus Street

Lost Outlaw (2021)
Synopsis : A Chinese gold mining camp is over-run by a group of outlaws. One of the outlaws has to question his morals after meeting the woman of his dreams.
Director:Darrell Mapson
Stars:David Novak, Jeffrey Smith, Heather Marie Peterson, Darrell Mapson

Decrypted (2021)
Synopsis : An outrageous and provocative dark comedy about a mismatched NSA team who kidnap the creator of Bitcoin - Satoshi Nakamoto - and attempt to torture him for the information they need to destroy cryptocurrencies.
Director:Tom Sands
Stars:Sophia Myles, David Hoflin, Amanda Abbington, Kevin McNally

Torn from Her Arms (2021)
Synopsis : True story of a mother and daughter who finds their way back to each other after being separated.
Director:Alan Jonsson
Stars:Vicky Araico, Kerry Ardra, Jose Becerra, Catalina Botello

Coyote Creek Christmas (2021)
Synopsis : The fate of the Coyote Creek Inn and Paige's relationships are both left to the magic of the holiday season to decide.
Director:David I. Strasser
Stars:Ryan Paevey, Janel Parrish, Cameron Bancroft, Naomi King

Nine Days (2020)
Synopsis : A reclusive man conducts a series of interviews with human souls for a chance to be born.
Director:Edson Oda
Stars:Winston Duke, Brandy Pitcher, Eric Ramaekers, Eliza de Azevedo Brown

Where the Land Meets the Sky (2021)
Synopsis : A family film about the journey or life and the beauty of second chances.
Director:Preston Walden
Stars:Tanya Christiansen, Steve Heinz, Nikole Rossitter, TeriEnna Blanco

Nobody Sleeps in the Woods Tonight 2 (2021)
Synopsis : When something horrible happens to the only survivor of a bloody massacre, an insecure rookie cop must overcome his fears to stop further carnage.
Director:Bartosz M. Kowalski
Stars:Mateusz Wieclawek, Julia Wieniawa-Narkiewicz, Zofia Wichlacz, Andrzej Grabowski

Tango Shalom (2021)
Synopsis : A Tango dancer and a rabbi develop a plan to enter a dance competition without sacrificing his orthodox beliefs. Family, tolerance, and community are tested one dazzling dance step at a time.
Director:Gabriel Bologna
Stars:Lainie Kazan, Renée Taylor, Philip Anthony-Rodriguez, Joseph Bologna

The Spine of Night (2021)
Synopsis : Ultra-violent, epic fantasy set in a land of magic follows heroes from a different eras and cultures battling against a malevolent force.
Directors:Philip Gelatt,
|     Stars:Richard E. Grant, Lucy Lawless, Patton Oswalt, Betty Gabriel

Snakehead (2021)
Synopsis : A Chinese immigrant get caught up in an international crime ring of human smuggling while attempting to make a better life for her family.
Director:Evan Jackson Leong
Stars:Sung Kang, Celia Au, Shuya Chang, Devon Diep

Later Days (2021)
Synopsis : Four weeks after a mysterious, incurable virus spreads throughout the UK, a handful of survivors try to find sanctuary.
Director:Danny Boyle
Stars:Cillian Murphy, Naomie Harris, Christopher Eccleston, Alex Palmer

Planet Dune (2021)
Synopsis : A crew on a mission to rescue a marooned base on a desert planet turns deadly when the crew finds themselves hunted and attacked by the planet's apex predators: giant sand worms.
Directors:Glenn Campbell,
|     Stars:Scot Derwingson-Peacock, Sharon Desiree, Sienna Farall, Cherish Holland

Horror Noire (2021)
Synopsis : Presents together six horror stories from Black directors and screenwriters in a single film: "Daddy," "Bride Before You," "Brand of Evil," "The Lake," "Sundown" and "Fugue State".
Directors:Zandashé Brown,
Rob Greenlea, Kimani Ray Smith|     Stars:Peter Stormare, Tony Todd, Lesley-Ann Brandt, Lenora Crichlow

Lamb (2021)
Synopsis : A childless couple, María and Ingvar discover a mysterious newborn on their farm in Iceland. The unexpected prospect of family life brings them much joy, before ultimately destroying them.
Director:Valdimar Jóhannsson
Stars:Noomi Rapace, Hilmir Snær Guðnason, Björn Hlynur Haraldsson, Ingvar Sigurdsson

Paranormal Activity Next of Kin (2021)
Synopsis : Margot, a young woman who was abandoned by her mother as a baby, travels to a secluded Amish community with a documentary film crew seeking answers about her mother and extended family.
Director:William Eubank
Stars:Emily Bader, Roland Buck III, Dan Lippert, Henry Ayres-Brown

Apex (2021)
Synopsis : Six elite hunters pay to hunt down a man on a deserted island, only to find themselves becoming the prey.
Director:Edward Drake
Stars:Neal McDonough, Bruce Willis, Corey Large, Alexia Fast

Army of Thieves (2021)
Synopsis : A prequel, set before the events of Army of the Dead, which focuses on German safecracker Ludwig Dieter leading a group of aspiring thieves on a top secret heist during the early stages of the zombie apocalypse.
Director:Matthias Schweighöfer
Stars:Matthias Schweighöfer, Nathalie Emmanuel, Ruby O. Fee, Stuart Martin

Hypnotic (2021)
Synopsis : A young woman seeking self-improvement enlists the help of a renowned hypnotherapist. But after a handful of intense sessions, she discovers unexpected and deadly consequences.
Directors:Matt Angel,
|     Stars:Kate Siegel, Jason O'Mara, Dulé Hill, Lucie Guest

Sold Out (2021)
Synopsis : A music-based drama about a female talent scout who takes a down-on-his-luck construction worker under her wing and helps him rise to his potential as a singer/songwriter.
Director:Tim Dahlseid
Stars:Sam Bardwell, Kelsey McMahon, Bruce Bohne, Patrick Thomas O'Brien

Lair (2021)
Synopsis : When an archaeologist uncovers a strange skull in a foreign land, the residents of a nearby town begin to disappear, leading to further inexplicable occurrences.
Director:Ken Russell
Stars:Amanda Donohoe, Hugh Grant, Catherine Oxenberg, Peter Capaldi

Time Now (2021)
Synopsis : A young mother returns to her estranged hometown of Detroit after the sudden death of her twin brother and immerses herself in his friend group, soon discovering that his death is not what it seems.
Director:Spencer King
Stars:Eleanor Lambert, Claudia Black, Xxavier Polk, Paige Kendrick

Attached Paranormal (2021)
Synopsis : A man is found dead in his home deemed suicide for years by the local authorities. Years later tapes of the incident suddenly get released by a local detectives son. Do you believe in the paranormal?
Director:Rob Jankowski
Stars:Rob Jankowski, Bonnie Mercado, Jeff Dernlan, Jack Cullinan

Language Lessons (2021)
Synopsis : A Spanish teacher and her student develop an unexpected friendship.
Director:Natalie Morales
Stars:Mark Duplass, Natalie Morales, Desean Terry, Christine Quesada

Saving Sloane (2021)
Synopsis : After spoiled city girl Sloane Emerson gets in trouble yet again, her wealthy parents send her off to the country. There, the rebellious teen ends up forming a bond with the last thing in the world she would've thought - a horse.
Director:Steve Franke
Stars:Augustine Frizzell, Bryan Massey, Gerardo Davila, Liz Cardenas

Women is Losers (2021)
Synopsis : In 1960s San Francisco, a once-promising catholic school girl, Celina Guerrera, sets out to rise above the oppression of poverty and invest in a future for herself that sets new precedents for the time.
Director:Lissette Feliciano
Stars:Lorenza Izzo, Bryan Craig, Simu Liu, Chrissie Fit

Frank (2021)
Synopsis : In 1973, when Frank Bledsoe and his 18-year-old niece Beth take a road trip from Manhattan to Creekville, South Carolina, for the family patriarch's funeral, they're unexpectedly joined by Frank's lover, Walid.
Director:Alan Ball
Stars:Paul Bettany, Sophia Lillis, Peter Macdissi, Steve Zahn

The Thieves Code (2021)
Synopsis : A pickpocket thief in love with her wife also loves her partner in crime and is devastated when she finds that both owe debts to the mafia. The thieves are forced to take on a risky heist
Director:Alex Power
Stars:Odelia San Diego, Baraka Noel, Tracy Nguyen, Lily Donovan Seid

Sweetheart (2021)
Synopsis : British sitcom in which an unhappily married man discovers he can time travel back to 1940s war-torn London where he masquerades as an MI5 agent and part-time songwriter whilst courting the local barmaid.
Stars:
Victor McGuire, Christopher Ettridge, Elizabeth Carling

The Deep House (2021)
Synopsis : A young and modern couple who go to France to explore an underwater house and share their findings on social media undergoes a serious change of plans when the couple enters the interior of
Directors:Alexandre Bustillo,
|     Stars:Camille Rowe, James Jagger, Eric Savin, Alexis Servaes

The Devil Came Home (2021)
Synopsis : A family is torn apart when the stepfather's PTSD appears to develop into something far more sinister
Director:George McCluskey
Stars:Greg Hobbs, Jade Callender, Diane Ellis, Nick Sheard

Night Teeth (2021)
Synopsis : A college student moonlighting as a chauffeur picks up two mysterious women for a night of party-hopping across LA. But when he uncovers their bloodthirsty intentions - and their dangerous, shadowy underworld - he must fight to stay alive.
Director:Adam Randall
Stars:Jorge Lendeborg Jr., Debby Ryan, Lucy Fry, Raúl Castillo

Happy Family 2 (2021)
Synopsis : Raymond's brother visits and charms Arthur into lending him money; Eva's love life causes disruption in the Crabtree household.
Director:Robin Nash
Stars:William Gaunt, Patricia Garwood, Marcia Warren, Michael Sharvell-Martin

Bergman Island (2021)
Synopsis : A couple retreat to the island that inspired Ingmar Bergman to write screenplays for their upcoming films when the lines between reality and fiction start to blur.
Director:Mia Hansen-Løve
Stars:Vicky Krieps, Tim Roth, Grace Delrue, Mia Wasikowska

Don't Let Her In (2021)
Synopsis : When an attractive young couple rents out a room in their spacious loft to an eccentric, beautiful female artist, they soon live to regret it. Slowly but surely, their seductive new tenant
Director:Ted Nicolaou
Stars:Kelly Curran, Lorin Doctor, Austin James Parker, Cole Pendery

Soul Pursuit (2021)
Synopsis : After tragic events, a man and his dog seek solitude in the Oregon Columbia Gorge by hiking to the nations second highest waterfall. Winner for best feature film at Lift Off film festival Jan 2021.
Director:Larry Humphrey
Stars:Eric Roberts, Noel Gugliemi, Larry Humphrey, Tricia Pyle

Farm to Fork to Love (2021)
Synopsis : Alice, a young and talented sous chef at NY's top restaurant, receives an invitation to judge a food competition for a prestigious annual fundraiser. Despite the dismay of Bret, her boss
Director:Sandra L. Martin
Stars:Meggan Kaiser, Scot Cooper, Maurice Johnson, Patty Lambert

Shark Huntress (2021)
Synopsis : Venturing into the deep sea to battle the plastics industry and a blood-thirsty shark seeking revenge for her environmentalist mother's death.
Director:John Riggins
Stars:Katrina Grey, Dean Alexandrou, John Flano, Russell Geoffrey Banks

Love in a Bottle (2021)
Synopsis : Two people in two different countries, both in quarantine during lockdown time, have a love affair through Facetime- but how viable is a relationship that might as well be just a fantasy?
Director:Paula van der Oest
Stars:Hannah Hoekstra, James Krishna Floyd

Amityville Cop (2021)
Synopsis : A city haunted by a bloody past has led to the emergence of some serious police brutality. As bodies pile up, two detectives seek to stop a demonic force that is terrorizing the neighborhood.
Director:Gregory Hatanaka
Stars:Jason Toler, Nicole D'Angelo, Chris Spinelli, Jeffrey Moon

White Sky (2021)
Synopsis : A strange alien invasion strands a trio of campers in a distant forest where they attempt to survive and hide
Director:Adam Wilson
Stars:Ade Dimberline, Natalie Martins, Monika Gergelova, Makenna Guyler

Coppelia (2021)
Synopsis : When everyone in town falls under the spell of charismatic cosmetic surgeon Doctor Coppelius, feisty Swan must save her sweetheart Franz before his heart is used to spark life into Coppelia, the robot-woman the Doctor has created.
Directors:Steven de Beul,
Jeff Tudor|     Stars:Michaela DePrince, Daniel Camargo, Vito Mazzeo, Glynis Terborg

The Thing Inside Us (2021)
Synopsis : Daniel and Shelly have lost everything to the LV pandemic that has currently engulfed the world. Most show no symptoms to the disease, but Daniel barely survived the infection. Shelly seems
Director:Paul Catalanotto
Stars:Christine Tonry, Chad Graham, Ruben Juarbe, Escalante Lundy

Pretenders (2021)
Synopsis : A specially gifted man, with the ability to instantly master any skill, escapes from a secret testing facility and travels the country taking on different jobs and helping strangers while hiding from his kidnappers.
Stars:
Andrea Parker, Patrick Bauchau, Jon Gries

Last Testament (2021)
Synopsis : The truth about the urban legend is finally revealed by George Harrison in newly discovered secret audio tapes: Paul McCartney was killed in a car crash in 1966 and replaced with a double!
Director:Joel Gilbert
Stars:Paul McCartney, George Harrison, John Lennon, Ringo Starr

Fear PHarm 2 (2021)
Synopsis : Melanie has just gained consciousness to discover that she is being held hostage by the Walker family so they can harvest her special skin in order to create a breakthrough skin care cream, and bloom the business; also she's not alone..
Director:Dante Yore
Stars:John Littlefield, Aimee Stolte, Tiana Tuttle, Mario Rocha

Dashcam (2021)
Synopsis : Two friends on a horror-fueled road trip and livestream the most terrifying night of their lives.
Director:Rob Savage
Stars:Annie Hardy, Amar Chadha-Patel, Angela Enahoro, Seylan Baxter

Runt (2021)
Synopsis : Neglected and unsupervised, a group of high school seniors are pulled into a downward cycle of violence.
Director:William Coakley
Stars:Brianna Hildebrand, Cyrus Arnold, Cameron Boyce, Jason Patric

After We Fell (2021)
Synopsis : Just as Tessa makes the biggest decision of her life, everything changes. Revelations about her family, and then Hardin's, throw everything they knew before in doubt and makes their hard-won future together more difficult to claim.
Director:Castille Landon
Stars:Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Louise Lombard, Chance Perdomo

The Wedding Trip (2021)
Synopsis : When Jack, a groomsman, leaves for his best friend's wedding several states away, he's asked to pick up Samantha, a stranded bridesmaid. Jack discovers they've met before and have had a less than friendly past.
Director:Sean King
Stars:Sydney Bakich, Bart Blachnio, Edwina Rai, Carson Lee Bradshaw

Signed, Sealed Delivered The Vows We Have Made (2021)
Synopsis : Follows Shane and Oliver who help a young boy fighting leukemia reunite with his long-lost friend while preparing for their wedding. Also, Rita and Norman deal with the challenges of trying to start a family.
Director:Linda-Lisa Hayter
Stars:Eric Mabius, Kristin Booth, Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe, Geoff Gustafson

Grave Intentions (2021)
Synopsis : In this anthology of chills, thrills, and kills, a practitioner of the magical arts teaches the basics of her craft. The most important lesson? You must be mindful of your intention. Five
Directors:Lukas Hassel,
Gabriel Olson, Matthew Richards, Brian Rish, Jocelyn Rish, Jaime Snyder|     Stars:Joy Vandervort-Cobb, Beth Grant, Sharon Lawrence, Catherine Carlen

Honey Girls (2021)
Synopsis : Mega pop star, Fancy G (Ashanti), hosts a contest to find the next big solo artist. But the young contestants realize they are "better together" and secretly form a band called Honey Girls and become a huge hit cloaked in mystery.
Director:Trey Fanjoy
Stars:Ashanti, Ava Grace, Aliyah Mastin, Frankie McNellis

Aiyai Wrathful Soul (2020)
Synopsis : A neighbourhood is plagued by mysterious tragedies when a young man becomes the conduit for an unknown spirit, the 'AIYAI' which lures victims to their chilling fates.
Director:Ilanthirayan Alan Arumugam
Stars:Richard Huggett, Korey Williams, Tahlia Jade Holt, Kabir Singh

A Brixton Tale (2021)
Synopsis : Wealthy YouTuber Leah chooses shy youth Benji as the subject of her Brixton documentary. They fall for each other, but the desire for edgy footage leads them down a violent path.
Directors:Darragh Carey,
|     Stars:Barney Harris, Lily Newmark, Michael Maloney, Jaime Winstone

Whitetail (2021)
Synopsis : The great hunter Buck Ferguson (Josh Brolin) and his trusted cameraman Don (Danny McBride) set out for an epic weekend adventure to reconnect with Buck's young son (Montana Jordan).
Director:Jody Hill
Stars:Josh Brolin, Danny McBride, Montana Jordan, Scoot McNairy

Slumber Party Massacre (2021)
Synopsis : A female high school student's slumber party turns into a bloodbath, as a newly escaped psychotic serial killer wielding a power drill prowls her neighborhood.
Director:Amy Holden Jones
Stars:Michelle Michaels, Robin Stille, Michael Villella, Debra De Liso

Dune (2021)
Synopsis : Feature adaptation of Frank Herbert's science fiction novel about the son of a noble family entrusted with the protection of the most valuable asset and most vital element in the galaxy.
Director:Denis Villeneuve
Stars:Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac

The Blazing World (2021)
Synopsis : Decades after the accidental drowning of her twin sister, a self-destructive young woman returns to her family home, finding herself drawn to an alternate dimension where her sister may still be alive.
Director:Carlson Young
Stars:Carlson Young, Udo Kier, Dermot Mulroney, Vinessa Shaw

The Four of Us (2021)
Synopsis : After a four-week partner swap, two couples meet again in a remote beach house and discover that everything has changed. Suddenly, their feelings are put to the test and they start reevaluating their life choices and expectations.
Director:Florian Gottschick
Stars:Nilam Farooq, Paula Kalenberg, Jonas Nay, Louis Nitsche

The Forgotten Battle (2020)
Synopsis : 1944, the Second World War. A British glider pilot, a Dutch boy fighting on the German side and a Dutch female resistance member all end up involved in the Battle of the Schelde. Their choices differ, but their goal is the same: freedom.
Director:Matthijs van Heijningen Jr.
Stars:Gijs Blom, Jamie Flatters, Susan Radder, Jan Bijvoet

The Trip (2021)
Synopsis : A dysfunctional couple head to a remote cabin to reconnect, but each has intentions to kill the other. Before they can carry out their plans, unexpected visitors arrive and they face a greater danger.
Director:Tommy Wirkola
Stars:Noomi Rapace, Aksel Hennie, Atle Antonsen, Christian Rubeck

Breaking Them Up (2020)
Synopsis : When resourceful 15 year-old Damien decides that his parents are all wrong for each other, he enlists best friend Erin to help him set them up with other people.
Director:Scott Dow
Stars:Stephen Schneider, Kelen Coleman, Jakob Wedel, Tess Aubert

Warning (2021)
Synopsis : The meaning of life explored through multiple interconnected lives set in the near future.
Director:Agata Alexander
Stars:Thomas Jane, Tomasz Kot, Toni Garrn, Rupert Everett

Halloween Kills (2021)
Synopsis : The saga of Michael Myers and Laurie Strode continues in the next thrilling chapter of the Halloween series.
Director:David Gordon Green
Stars:Jamie Lee Curtis, Judy Greer, Andi Matichak, James Jude Courtney

Needle in a Timestack (2021)
Synopsis : Nick and Janine live in marital bliss until Janine's ex-husband warps time to try to tear them apart. As Nick's memories disappear, he must decide what he's willing to sacrifice in order to hold onto - or let go of - everything he loves.
Director:John Ridley
Stars:Leslie Odom Jr., Freida Pinto, Cynthia Erivo, Orlando Bloom

Amityville Cult (2021)
Synopsis : After unexpectedly, and mysteriously, inheriting his estranged grandmother's mansion, Stanley DeFeo finds himself in the small town of Amityville - surrounded by buried family secrets and a sinister plot against him.
Director:Trey Murphy
Stars:Chance Gibbs, Micha Marie Stevens, Tom Young, Patrick McAlister

The Cleveland Kidnappings (2021)
Synopsis : Follows the story of Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus, as they recount the horrors they suffered when they were kidnapped.
Director:Camilla Hall


Copshop (2021)
Synopsis : On the run from a lethal assassin, a wily con artist devises a scheme to hide out inside a small-town police station-but when the hitman turns up at the precinct, an unsuspecting rookie cop finds herself caught in the crosshairs.
Director:Joe Carnahan
Stars:Gerard Butler, Frank Grillo, Alexis Louder, Toby Huss

Megan (2021)
Synopsis : Two teenage girls encounter an Internet child predator.
Director:Michael Goi
Stars:Amber Perkins, Rachel Quinn, Dean Waite, Jael Elizabeth Steinmeyer

The Cleaner (2021)
Synopsis : Paul 'Wicky' Wickstead, a state-certified cleaning technician, is responsible for the removal of any signs of death from the crime scenes.
Stars:
Zita Sattar, Helena Bonham Carter, Jo Hartley

They Who Surround Us (2020)
Synopsis : A Ukrainian farmer living in Alberta loses his wife in a tragic accident. Guilt and grief send him into an emotional spiral where mysterious and inexplicable events force him to relive traumatic incidents from his childhood in Ukraine.
Director:Troy Ruptash
Stars:Ali Liebert, Vera Graziadei, Ryan Northcott, Troy Ruptash

Spirit Quest (2021)
Synopsis : Two friends go on a hallucinogenic mushroom trip through the desert to face their fears, doubts, and failures.
Director:Brent Lydic
Stars:Tip Scarry, Brent Lydic, Navaris Darson, Tim Fox

Envision (2021)
Synopsis : Thomas had the perfect life until he lost his wife and Son. After a ground-breaking surgery he is given an implant that allows him to create his own virtual reality on the fly.
Director:Greg Galloway
Stars:Towanda Braxton, Mchael Butler, Case, Andre Hall

Dwellers (2021)
Synopsis : A comic book artist Whitney Taylor is doomed to repeat history in a most grotesque way when she unleashes a demon after drawing it..
Director:John Carl Buechler
Stars:Yvonne De Carlo, Debrah Farentino, Brian Robbins, Pamela Bellwood

The Poltergeist Diaries (2021)
Synopsis : After moving to an isolated cabin, Jacob Taylor vanishes without a trace. With the help of footage he leaves behind, his family members, friends and a detective try to find answers to the strange events that are centered around him.
Director:József Gallai
Stars:András Korcsmáros, Kata Kuna, Eric Roberts, Péter Inoka

On the Fringe of Wild (2021)
Synopsis : A 2000s "Romeo and Juliet" type romance between two teenage boys, set in a small Ontario town, where love does not win, but the surviving players grow to accept themselves as members of the LGBTQ+ community.
Director:Emma Catalfamo
Stars:Andrew Bee, Harrison Browne, Andrea Pavlovic, Bernadette Medhurst

Oh Crappy Day (2021)
Synopsis : A young filmmaker hopes to find love through online dating -- if he can just keep his OCD on the down low.
Director:Jon Lance Bacon
Stars:Ashton Leigh, John Wilkins III, Loosha Jones, Jaime Wallace

Lust Life Love (2021)
Synopsis : A star-crossed love story set in the world of polyamory and sex parties in New York City.
Directors:Benjamin Feuer,
|     Stars:Jake Choi, Makeda Declet, Jeanna Han, Stephanie Sellars

The Ghosts of Borley Rectory (2021)
Synopsis : Harry Price investigates the ghosts of Borley Rectory during his stay there.
Director:Steven M. Smith
Stars:Toby Wynn-Davies, Julian Sands, Colin Baker, Christopher Ellison

Ankle Biters (2021)
Synopsis : 3 Feet Tall, with 2 Inch fangs and an Undying thirst for Blood. Drexel Vennis, Half Human/Half Vampire, along with his sidekick T-Bone, must stop dwarf vampires from unleashing a plague of vampires, before its too late.
Director:Adam Minarovich
Stars:Adam Minarovich, Jeremy Busbee, Michael Moore, Catherine Minarovich

Hypocritical (2021)
Synopsis : The parallel stories of a modern preacher and a medieval monk, Gabriel the Ascetic, who is killed by an ignorant mob for making a nude statue representing Truth, which is also represented by a ghostly naked girl who flits throughout the film.
Director:Lois Weber
Stars:Courtenay Foote, Myrtle Stedman, Herbert Standing, Adele Farrington

Parallel (2020)
Synopsis : The story of two mothers who give birth the same day.
Director:Pedro Almodóvar
Stars:Penélope Cruz, Aitana Sánchez-Gijón, Rossy de Palma, Milena Smit

Demigod (2021)
Synopsis : Upon the death of her grandfather, a woman and her husband return to her birthplace in Germany's Black Forest, only to find a terrifying secret awaits them.
Director:Miles Doleac
Stars:Rachel Nichols, Yohance Myles, Miles Doleac, Lindsay Anne Williams

Aileen Wuornos(2021)
Synopsis : Based on Aileen Wuornos's early life, America's most notorious female serial killer, back in 1976 a young Aileen arrives in Florida searching for a new life that will help her escape her
Director:Daniel Farrands
Stars:Peyton List, Tobin Bell, Lydia Hearst, Swen Temmel

South Beach Love (2021)
Synopsis : Follows a story about rival quinceañeras, glorious Cuban cooking, friendship, family and romance.
Director:Damián Romay
Stars:William Levy, Taylor Cole, Giselle Torres, Ariel Yasmine

Witnesses (2021)
Synopsis : Crimes through the eyes of a team of forensic pathologists and forensic scientists.
Stars:
William Gaminara, Tom Ward, David Caves

Mickey's Tale of Two Witches (2021)
Synopsis : On Halloween, Mickey tells Pluto a story about two witches-in-training, Minnie the Wonderful and Daisy Doozy, who must pass four tests to graduate from the Witch Academy in Happy Haunt Hills.
Director:Jeff Gordon
Stars:Bret Iwan, Kaitlyn Robrock, Daniel Ross, Tress MacNeille

The Last Bus (2021)
Synopsis : An old man crosses the country just using local buses.
Director:Gillies MacKinnon
Stars:Timothy Spall, Phyllis Logan, Natalie Mitson, Ben Ewing

Muppets Haunted Mansion (2021)
Synopsis : On Halloween night, Gonzo is challenged to spend one night in The Haunted Mansion.
Director:Kirk R. Thatcher
Stars:Will Arnett, Taraji P. Henson, Darren Criss, Yvette Nicole Brown

Old Henry (2021)
Synopsis : An action western about a farmer who takes in an injured man with a satchel of cash. When a posse comes for the money, he must decide who to trust. Defending a siege, he reveals a gunslinging talent calling his true identity into question.
Director:Potsy Ponciroli
Stars:Tim Blake Nelson, Scott Haze, Gavin Lewis, Trace Adkins

Vengeance is Mine (2021)
Synopsis : Harry, a broken man struggling to come to terms with the murder of his wife and daughter is living a hallucinatory life. When he discovers the whereabouts of the killers he awakens from his grief to destroy those who destroyed his life
Director:Hadi Hajaig
Stars:Matt Bainbridge, Philip Bulcock, Clint Clarke, Faruk Dogan

Silent Hours (2021)
Synopsis : Private detective John Duval, an ex-lieutenant commander in the Royal Navy and Naval Intelligence, finds himself the prime suspect in a police hunt for a sexual killer when three women are brutally murdered.
Director:Mark Greenstreet
Stars:Susie Amy, Tom Beard, Hugh Bonneville, Annie Cooper

American Insurrection (2021)
Synopsis : Set in a dystopian America where all people who aren't straight, white, Christian and cis gender are kept track of by the government with bar codes.
Director:William Sullivan
Stars:Nadine Malouf, Nick Westrate, Brandon Perea, Sarah Wharton

Ida Red (2021)
Synopsis : Ida "Red" Walker may not survive her terminal illness while incarcerated for armed robbery. She turns to her son, Wyatt, for one last job and a chance to regain her freedom.
Director:John Swab
Stars:Josh Hartnett, Frank Grillo, Melissa Leo, Sofia Hublitz

Injustice (2021)
Synopsis : On an alternate Earth, the Joker tricks Superman into killing Lois Lane, which causes a rampage in the hero. Superman decides to take control of Earth, Batman and his allies will have to attempt to stop him.
Director:Matt Peters
Stars:Justin Hartley, Anson Mount, Laura Bailey, Zach Callison

Madres (2021)
Synopsis : The story of two mothers who give birth the same day.
Director:Pedro Almodóvar
Stars:Penélope Cruz, Aitana Sánchez-Gijón, Rossy de Palma, Milena Smit

The Manor (2021)
Synopsis : After an au pairs tragic death, Henry hires a young American nanny to care for his orphaned niece and nephew who reside at Bly Manor with the chef Owen, groundskeeper Jamie and housekeeper, Mrs. Grose.
Stars:
Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Amelia Eve, T'Nia Miller

South of Heaven (2021)
Synopsis : Convicted felon Jimmy gets early parole after serving twelve years for armed robbery. Upon his release, he vows to give Annie, his childhood love, now dying from cancer, the best last year of her life - unfortunately it's not that simple.
Director:Aharon Keshales
Stars:Jason Sudeikis, Evangeline Lilly, Mike Colter, Shea Whigham

200 Meters (2021)
Synopsis : A Palestinian father trapped on the other side of the separation wall is trying to reach the hospital for his son.
Director:Ameen Nayfeh
Stars:Ali Suliman, Anna Unterberger, Lana Zreik, Gassan Abbas

You Only Live Once (2021)
Synopsis : The public defender's secretary and an ex-convict get married and try to make a life together, but a series of disasters sends their lives spiraling out of control.
Director:Fritz Lang
Stars:Sylvia Sidney, Henry Fonda, Barton MacLane, Jean Dixon

Blue Bayou (2021)
Synopsis : As a Korean-American man raised in the Louisiana bayou works hard to make a life for his family, he must confront the ghosts of his past as he discovers that he could be deported from the only country he has ever called home.
Director:Justin Chon
Stars:Justin Chon, Alicia Vikander, Mark O'Brien, Linh-Dan Pham

There's Someone Inside Your House (2021)
Synopsis : The graduating class at Osborne High is being targeted by a masked assailant, intent on exposing the darkest secret of each victim, and only a group of misfit outsiders can stop the killings.
Director:Patrick Brice
Stars:Sydney Park, Théodore Pellerin, Asjha Cooper, Dale Whibley

The Pharm (2021)
Synopsis : Sam, an Afghanistan Veteran turned Pot Farmer, modifies a strain of cannabis to not only grow at a rapid rate, but also drastically reduce cancer cells. When the villainous Mr. Black is
Director:Ryan Altman
Stars:Adam Dorsey, Barry Altman, Brian Geiger, Ryan Altman

BAB (2020)
Synopsis : The social life of a syrian village in the 1930s under the french colonialism.
Stars:
Milad Yousef, Ayman Bahnasi, Wafaa Mouselley

The Last Inn (2021)
Synopsis : Laura makes an unplanned stay at a peculiar hotel and is trapped in a life-changing game.
Director:David Kuan
Stars:Emily Hall, Walker Barnes, Tristan Cunningham, Jamel King

Dave Chappelle(2021)
Synopsis : A neurotic mid-20s suburbanite's convinced he's destined to be one of the greatest rappers of all time. Now he's got to prove it to everyone else.
Stars:
Andrew Santino, Gata, Taylor Misiak

Monsters of War (2021)
Synopsis : Something has awoken, and a group of strangers must work together before prehistoric monsters and other deadly creatures take back the planet.
Director:Jack Peter Mundy
Stars:Chelsea Greenwood, Aimee Marie Higham, Antonia Johnstone, Sofia Lacey

Dark Web(2021)
Synopsis : When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.
Director:Christopher Nolan
Stars:Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart, Michael Caine

Monkie Kid(2020)
Synopsis : Inspired by the classic Chinese story Journey to the West, the series follows the adventures of a young teenager, MK, as he comes into terms of his mission to save the world.
Stars:
Dave B. Mitchell, Stephanie Sheh, David Chen

Paradox Lost (2020)
Synopsis : A genre-bending love story about time travel, the end of the world, and long form improvisational comedy.
Director:Dennis Curlett
Stars:Clarissa Thibeaux, Danny Cymbal, Dennis Curlett, Sydney Steinberg

Heaven (2020)
Synopsis : Balian of Ibelin travels to Jerusalem during the Crusades of the 12th century, and there he finds himself as the defender of the city and its people.
Director:Ridley Scott
Stars:Orlando Bloom, Eva Green, Liam Neeson, Martin Hancock

The Year of the Everlasting Storm (2021)
Synopsis : Featuring seven stories from seven auteurs from around the world, the film chronicles this unprecedented moment in time, and is a true love letter to the power of cinema and its storytellers.
Directors:Anthony Chen,
Jafar Panahi, Laura Poitras, Dominga Sotomayor, Malik Vitthal, Apichatpong Weerasethakul|     Stars:Yay Yay Bobby Jones, Catherine Machovsky, Yu Zhang, Dongyu Zhou

Escape The Undertaker (2021)
Synopsis : Can The New Day survive the surprises at The Undertaker's spooky mansion? You can decide their fate!
Director:Ben Simms
Stars:Mark Calaway, Ettore Ewen, Kofi Kingston, Austin Watson

Val (2021)
Synopsis : Documentary centering on the daily life of actor Val Kilmer featuring never-before-seen footage spanning 40 years.
Directors:Ting Poo,
|     Stars:Val Kilmer, Kevin Bacon, Marlon Brando, Jim Carrey

Strings (2021)
Synopsis : A guy and girl try to keep their relationship strictly physical, but it's not long before they learn that they want something more.
Director:Ivan Reitman
Stars:Natalie Portman, Ashton Kutcher, Kevin Kline, Cary Elwes

Because of Charley (2021)
Synopsis : An estranged racially-mixed stepfamily reluctantly gathers at a Central Florida home for an anniversary party, fully intending to keep the visit brief - but Hurricane Charley takes an unexpected turn that changes everything.
Director:Jon Binkowski
Stars:John Amos, Ashley Jones, Joshua Wade, Peg O'Keef

Sunset on the River Styx (2020)
Synopsis : A chance meeting of two morose lovers sends them spiraling down a surreal rabbit hole. Their relationship is challenged by their pasts, their futures, their perception of time, and a vampire death cult.
Director:Aaron Pagniano
Stars:Phillip Andre Botello, Jacqueline Jandrell, Cory Vaughn, Avery Kristen Pohl

Distancing Socially (2021)
Synopsis : Composed of a series of short vignettes that share a telecommunications application as a common thread, Distancing Socially focuses on loosely connected human interactions taking place virtually across a world in lock down.
Director:Chris Blake
Stars:Alan Tudyk, Sarah Levy, Melanie Chandra, Karissa Lee Staples

Events Transpiring Before, During, and After a High School Basketball Game (2020)
Synopsis : Students, coaches, and players interact at a high school on the evening of a basketball game.
Director:Ted Stenson
Stars:Andrew Phung, Paul Cowling, Jay Morberg, Reamonn Joshee

The Rangers Bloodstone (2021)
Synopsis : Fueled by determination and love, Elite Ranger Drustan Lorne embarks on a journey to rescue his captured daughter and save Adrasil from the forces of darkness.
Director:David Nordquist
Stars:David Nordquist, Dave Quirk, Wendy Tuck, Ken Nordquist

The Amityville Moon (2021)
Synopsis : As Alyssa and Karla try to escape from the church home that holds them captive, Karla is slaughtered by a vicious, semi-human creature.
Director:Thomas J. Churchill
Stars:Cody Renee Cameron, Michael Cervantes, Sheri Davis, Augie Duke

The Mutation (2021)
Synopsis : A scientist experiments with crossing humans and plants, for which he uses his students.
Director:Jack Cardiff
Stars:Donald Pleasence, Tom Baker, Brad Harris, Julie Ege

The Night House (2021)
Synopsis : A widow begins to uncover her recently deceased husband's disturbing secrets.
Director:David Bruckner
Stars:Rebecca Hall, Sarah Goldberg, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Evan Jonigkeit

Cyst (2020)
Synopsis : In the 1960s a nurse's last day is ruined when a doctor inadvertently creates a cyst monster that terrorizes the office.
Director:Tyler Russell
Stars:Eva Habermann, George Hardy, Greg Sestero, Jason Douglas

Memoirs of a Black Girl (2021)
Synopsis : Memoirs of a Black Girl is a Coming-of-Age story of a girl and her friends who are forced to grow up and make tough decisions. Aisha Johnson, an astute and bright student, is one of the
Director:Thato Rantao Mwosa
Stars:Christian Thomas, Colin Costello, Alexandra Cruz, Juvan Elisma

One Summer (2021)
Synopsis : An aspiring teenage cartoonist and his friends come to the aid of a singer trying to save her family property from developers.
Director:Savage Steve Holland
Stars:John Cusack, Demi Moore, Linda Warren, Joel Murray

White Girl Apokalypse (2021)
Synopsis : A basic white girl finds herself in the middle of the zombie apocalypse, forcing her to decide what is more important, survival or Starbucks? When she meets a group of survivors with
Director:Ashley Wilson
Stars:Angel Alvarez, Gayle Amey, Noah Artis, Brylee Bailey

Eating Cars (2021)
Synopsis : Fresh out of a Danish prison, Harald bosses his old gang around, into visiting his hospitalized foster dad, who wants to see his bio son before dying. The son's in a Swedish prison. Then there's a money matter - robbing a bank.
Director:Lasse Spang Olsen
Stars:Kim Bodnia, Torkel Petersson, Tomas Villum Jensen, Nikolaj Lie Kaas

Love Strikes Twice (2021)
Synopsis : Follows Maggie who is in an out-of-sync marriage and wishes for a do-over and wakes up 15 years earlier, and she would decide if she would choose her husband Josh again or not.
Director:Jeff Beesley
Stars:Katie Findlay, Wyatt Nash, Marshall Williams, Brynn Godenir

Our Father (2021)
Synopsis : The life stories of the six men who raised the flag at the Battle of Iwo Jima, a turning point in World War II.
Director:Clint Eastwood
Stars:Ryan Phillippe, Barry Pepper, Joseph Cross, Jesse Bradford

One More Flip (2021)
Synopsis : A final drug deal go wrong landing Demarco Beasley in jail with no one else to turn so he turns to his girlfriend Taji adds dealing drugs already full plate.
Director:Jeffrey T. Brown
Stars:Sada Baby, Daris Bass, Marvin Bennett, Kristin Clarke

Like Dogs (2021)
Synopsis : A 12-year-old tech prodigy's science experiment goes awry and he forges a telepathic connection with his dog. The duo join forces and use their unique perspectives on life to comically overcome complications of family and school.
Director:Gil Junger
Stars:Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Gabriel Bateman, Kunal Nayyar

A Bend in the River (2021)
Synopsis : The story of a writer who returns to Ireland, after spending twenty five years in New York, to confront the ghosts of his past.
Director:Colin Broderick
Stars:John Duddy, Kathy Kiera Clarke, John McConnell, Brendan Broderick

The Black Book (2021)
Synopsis : A collector of rare books finds the rumored "Black Book". Each of the stories is told by different directors, shot all over the United States.
Directors:Topher Chambers,
Steven Durgarn, Joe Herbert|     Stars:Sherman Burdette, Emmanuel Carter, Heather Chambers, Topher Chambers

Survive the Game (2021)
Synopsis : A man's life on his farm is interrupted when a cop and a pair of dangerous criminals show up.
Director:James Cullen Bressack
Stars:Chad Michael Murray, Bruce Willis, Swen Temmel, Michael Sirow

Rise of the Footsoldier(2021)
Synopsis : In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come.
Director:J.J. Abrams
Stars:Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Adam Driver

Blush (2021)
Synopsis : A stranded horticulturist-astronaut meets an ethereal visitor on a desolate dwarf planet.
Director:Joe Mateo


Adventures of a Mathematician (2021)
Synopsis : The warmhearted story of Polish immigrant and mathematician Stan Ulam, who moved to the U.S. in the 1930s. Stan deals with the difficult losses of family and friends all while helping to create the hydrogen bomb and the first computer.
Director:Thor Klein
Stars:Philippe Tlokinski, Esther Garrel, Sam Keeley, Joel Basman

The Guilty (2021)
Synopsis : A demoted police officer assigned to a call dispatch desk is conflicted when he receives an emergency phone call from a kidnapped woman.
Director:Antoine Fuqua
Stars:Jake Gyllenhaal, Riley Keough, Peter Sarsgaard, Christina Vidal

Last Man Down (2021)
Synopsis : John Wood left the pieces of a broken civilisation behind, to go back to his roots in the woodland, after a virus pandemic struck the world.
Director:Fansu Njie
Stars:Daniel Stisen, Olga Kent, Daniel Nehme, Stanislav Yanevski

Rise and Shine, Benedict Stone (2021)
Synopsis : The story about Benedict Stone and his wife Emilia who got separated after 10 years, when trying for a baby becomes unsuccessful.
Director:Peter Benson
Stars:Tom Everett Scott, Ella Ballentine, Mía Maestro, Matt Hamilton

No One Gets Out Alive (2021)
Synopsis : An immigrant in search of the American dream who, after being forced to take a room in a boarding house, finds herself in a nightmare she can't escape.
Director:Santiago Menghini
Stars:Phil Robertson, Joana Borja, Victoria Alcock, Cristina Rodlo

The Card Counter (2021)
Synopsis : Redemption is the long game in Paul Schrader's THE CARD COUNTER. Told with Schrader's trademark cinematic intensity, the revenge thriller tells the story of an ex-military interrogator turned gambler haunted by the ghosts of his past.
Director:Paul Schrader
Stars:Oscar Isaac, Tiffany Haddish, Tye Sheridan, Willem Dafoe

Under Wraps (2021)
Synopsis : When an aspiring surgeon is turned down for a fellowship, she takes a temporary position working as a GP in a small Alaskan town in an effort to boost her résumé.
Director:Peter Sullivan
Stars:Candace Cameron Bure, David O'Donnell, Robert Pine, Kendra Mylnechuk

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (2021)
Synopsis : Dean, Poe and BB-8 must face their fears, stop an ancient evil from rising, and escape to make it back to their friends.
Director:Ken Cunningham
Stars:A.J. LoCascio, Barbara Goodson, Christian Slater, Dana Snyder

Secret Agent Dingledorf and His Trusty Dog Splat (2021)
Synopsis : Using quirky inventions from a spy backpack, young Bernie Dingledorf, his dog, and two best friends, are the only ones who can save the world by facing bullies, thwarting circus clowns and destroying Dr. Chuckles evil laugh generator.
Director:Billy Dickson
Stars:Zackary Arthur, Paul Johansson, Jason Dolley, Shiloh Nelson

John Wynn's Playhouse (2021)
Synopsis : At the "Playhouse" What was expected to be a lusty getaway, soon becomes an unwanted therapy session where hidden memories are unclothed by Dr. Williams and his peculiar methods.
Director:Reuben Johnson
Stars:Ernest Thomas, Vincent M. Ward, Aretha Perry Greene, Tola Lawal

The Many Saints of Newark (2021)
Synopsis : Witness the making of Tony Soprano. The story that reveals the humanity behind Tony's struggles and the influence his family - especially his uncle, Dickie Moltisanti - had over him becoming the most iconic mob boss of all time.
Director:Alan Taylor
Stars:Alessandro Nivola, Leslie Odom Jr., Jon Bernthal, Vera Farmiga

Falling for Figaro (2021)
Synopsis : A brilliant young fund manager leaves her unfulfilling job and long-term boyfriend to chase her lifelong dream of becoming an opera singer in the Scottish Highlands.
Director:Ben Lewin
Stars:Danielle Macdonald, Shazad Latif, Joanna Lumley, Gary Lewis

American Night (2021)
Synopsis : A courier carrying Andy Warhol's famous "Pink Marilyn" arrives in New York City. Art and life collide - as John Kaplan tries to juggle the mob and his talent as an art forger with his love for Sarah Flores - and chaos ensues.
Director:Alessio Della Valle
Stars:Jeremy Piven, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Emile Hirsch, Paz Vega

Implanted (2021)
Synopsis : A struggling young woman is implanted with an experimental AI chip. She must fight to survive when it takes control.
Director:Fabien Dufils
Stars:Michelle Girolami, Nader Boussandel, Scott Broughton, David Dotterer

Stop and Go (2021)
Synopsis : Two directionless sisters brave a cross-country road trip to rescue their grandmother from a COVID outbreak at her nursing home.
Directors:Mallory Everton,
|     Stars:Whitney Call, Mallory Everton, Julia Jolley, Anne Sward Hansen

The Addams Family 2 (2021)
Synopsis : The Addams get tangled up in more wacky adventures and find themselves involved in hilarious run-ins with all sorts of unsuspecting characters. Sequel to the 2019 animated film, 'The Addams Family'.
Directors:Greg Tiernan,
Laura Brousseau, Kevin Pavlovic|     Stars:Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Javon 'Wanna' Walton

The Survivalist (2021)
Synopsis : A year and a half after the fall of civilization due to a viral outbreak, a former FBI agent forced to protect a young woman immune to the disease from a dangerous gang leader hunting her.
Director:Jon Keeyes
Stars:Jonathan Rhys Meyers, John Malkovich, Jenna Leigh Green, Ruby Modine

Bingo Hell (2021)
Synopsis : In the Barrio of Oak Springs live a strong and stubborn group of elderly friends who refuse to be gentrified. Their leader, Lupita, keeps them together as a community, a family. But little
Director:Gigi Saul Guerrero
Stars:Adriana Barraza, L. Scott Caldwell, Joshua Caleb Johnson, Richard Brake

Black as Night (2021)
Synopsis : A teenage girl with self-esteem issues finds confidence in the most unlikely way, by spending her summer battling vampires that prey on New Orleans' disenfranchised with the help of her
Director:Maritte Lee Go
Stars:Asjha Cooper, Fabrizio Guido, Mason Beauchamp, Abbie Gayle

While We Sleep (2021)
Synopsis : After observing a hauntingly familiar abnormal CAT scan of a 13 year old girl, radiologist Nina Evanko battles to find the source of the young girl's sleeping disorder. What she discovers
Director:Andrzej Sekula
Stars:Slava Babenkov, Sergey Denga, Brian Gross, Lyra Irene Gross

Hustle Down (2021)
Synopsis : The driver for a Baja drug lord/Jefe steals a valuable car. Jefe hires a "bounty hunter" to deliver the driver and car. Many other gunmen are interested in the car and driver.
Director:R. Ellis Frazier
Stars:Tom Sizemore, Paul Sidhu, Bai Ling, Kevin Gage

Mayday (2021)
Synopsis : Dramatized reconstruction of real-life air disasters, along with interviews with aviation experts and eyewitnesses.
Stars:
Stephen Bogaert, Gregory Feith, John Cox

Queenpins (2021)
Synopsis : A pair of housewives create a $40 million coupon scam.
Directors:Aron Gaudet,
|     Stars:Kristen Bell, Kirby Howell-Baptiste, Paul Walter Hauser, Bebe Rexha

Chernobyl 1986 (2021)
Synopsis : Add a Plot
Director:Toni Comas
Stars:Mikita Davyda, Alexander Notkin

The Starling (2021)
Synopsis : After Lilly suffers a loss, a combative Starling takes nest beside her quiet home. The feisty bird taunts and attacks the grief-stricken Lilly. On her journey to expel the Starling, she rediscovers her will to live and capacity for love.
Director:Theodore Melfi
Stars:Melissa McCarthy, Chris O'Dowd, Kevin Kline, Timothy Olyphant

This Is the Year (2021)
Synopsis : In a last ditch effort to win over the girl of his dreams, a nerdy high school senior and his best friends embark on a road trip to see their favorite band at the biggest music festival of the year.
Director:David Henrie
Stars:Vanessa Marano, Gregg Sulkin, Jeff Garlin, Bug Hall

Time Is Up (2021)
Synopsis : An accident will force 'Vivien' and Royan to come to a stop and reclaim their lives, one minute at the time, and finally start living in a present that perhaps will prove to be more exciting than any predefined.
Director:Elisa Amoruso
Stars:Bella Thorne, Benjamin Mascolo, Sebastiano Pigazzi, Bonnie Baddoo

Apache Junction (2021)
Synopsis : Apache Junction is an Old West outpost of lawlessness, a haven for thieves and cold-blooded killers. When big-city reporter Annabelle Angel arrives in town and becomes a target, notorious
Director:Justin Lee
Stars:Scout Taylor-Compton, Stuart Townsend, Thomas Jane, Ed Morrone

East of the Mountains (2021)
Synopsis : Based on the best-selling novel by David Guterson When retired heart surgeon Ben Givens learns that he has terminal cancer, he takes his beloved dog back to his boyhood home in Eastern
Director:S.J. Chiro
Stars:Tom Skerritt, Mira Sorvino, Annie Gonzalez, Wally Dalton

Lone Wolf (2021)
Synopsis : After helping the local police with some horse thieves, a Texas Ranger aims at a drug lord with arms trade as well. They're interested in the same woman and they're both into martial arts.
Director:Steve Carver
Stars:Chuck Norris, David Carradine, Barbara Carrera, Leon Isaac Kennedy

My Little Pony(2021)
Synopsis : After the time of the Mane 6, Sunny--a young Earth Pony--and her new Unicorn friend Izzy explore their world and strive to restore Harmony to Equestria.
Directors:Robert Cullen,
Mark Fattibene|     Stars:Vanessa Hudgens, Kimiko Glenn, James Marsden, Sofia Carson

Birds of Paradise (2021)
Synopsis : Two girls at an elite Parisian ballet academy have their bond and bodies tested as they compete for a contract to join the company of the Opéra national de Paris.
Director:Sarah Adina Smith
Stars:Diana Silvers, Kristine Froseth, Jacqueline Bisset, Toby Huss

Paper Dragons (2021)
Synopsis : A small-time hood, left for dead after double-crossing drug dealers, is taken in by a monastery and taught the art of kung fu.
Director:Adolfo Swaya
Stars:Victor Wong, James Hong, Adolfo Swaya, Michael Paul Chan

Free Guy (2021)
Synopsis : A bank teller discovers that he's actually an NPC inside a brutal, open world video game.
Director:Shawn Levy
Stars:Ryan Reynolds, Jodie Comer, Taika Waititi, Lil Rel Howery

Confessions of an Invisible Girl (2021)
Synopsis : When the clever but socially-awkward Tetê joins a new school, she'll do anything to fit in. But the queen bee among her classmates has other ideas.
Director:Bruno Garotti
Stars:Lucca Picon, Marcus Bessa, Caio Cabral, Klara Castanho

Go! Go! Cory Carson(2021)
Synopsis : Based on the Go. Go. toy line from VTech, children's series follows the adventures of Cory Carson.
Stars:
Kerry Gudjohnsen, Maisie Benson, Paul Killam

Intrusion (2021)
Synopsis : A woman moves to a small town with her husband, but is rattled when she is targeted for a home invasion.
Director:Adam Salky
Stars:Freida Pinto, Logan Marshall-Green, Robert John Burke, Megan Elisabeth Kelly

Killer Grades (2021)
Synopsis : Proud mom Katherine has just found out that her daughter Michelle has earned a spot on the academic decathlon team. But, when a student winds up in the hospital, she starts to wonder if there's more going on with the team than she knows.
Director:Jose Montesinos
Stars:Megan Ashley Brown, Laurie Fortier, Zack Gold, Kylie Acuña

The Resonator(2021)
Synopsis : Set in a high fantasy world where magic exists, but only some can access it, a woman named Moiraine crosses paths with five young men and women. This sparks a dangerous, world-spanning journey. Based on the book series by Robert Jordan.
Stars:
Daniel Henney, Madeleine Madden, Zoë Robins

Tethered (2021)
Synopsis : TETHERED is a sci-fi mystery set in the present day. Detective Sam Morris starts on a missing-persons case that puts her own personal world into upheaval.
Director:Gregg Furuoka
Stars:Caroline Harris, Joshua Kwak, Connor Keene, Erika Enggren

Blame (2021)
Synopsis : While on vacation in rural Wisconsin, five friends seek refuge in a lone building after their vehicle crashes in a vicious snowstorm. With no cell service, the group splits up to find help but when they reunite, one of them is found dead.
Director:B.J. Rayniak
Stars:Lauren Elyse Buckley, Richard Blake, Rachel Lynn David, Austin Brook

Most Dangerous Game (2020)
Synopsis : Desperate to take care of his pregnant wife before a terminal illness can take his life, Dodge Tynes accepts an offer to participate in a deadly game where he soon discovers that he's not the hunter - but the prey.
Stars:
Sarah Gadon, Christoph Waltz, Zach Cherry

The Alpines (2021)
Synopsis : "The Alpines" is a psychological thriller that follows seven friends coming together for a weekend getaway after several years of little to no contact. They've grown apart. They've moved on
Director:Dante Aubain
Stars:Mally Corrigan, Katrina Diehm, Stephen Kazakoff, Aaron Latta-Morissette

This is the Night (2021)
Synopsis : A teenager living in Staten Island during the summer of 1982 embarks on a quest that draws in his family members.
Director:James DeMonaco
Stars:Madelyn Cline, Lucius Hoyos, Chase Vacnin, River Alexander

Night of the Animated Dead (2021)
Synopsis : Visiting their dad's grave in the countryside, two siblings are attacked by a zombie. Barbara escapes to a farmhouse. A man helps barricade the house as more zombies arrive outside.
Director:Jason Axinn
Stars:Josh Duhamel, Dulé Hill, Katharine Isabelle, James Roday Rodriguez

Devil's Five (2021)
Synopsis : Years have passed since the legions of hell have set foot in this world, but now a new demonic invasion has begun, and humanity's last hope will rest in the hands of three lone demon hunters, each offering a radically different play style.
Director:Hideaki Itsuno
Stars:Johnny Yong Bosch, Brian Hanford, Reuben Langdon, Faye Kingslee

Finding Love in Mountain View (2021)
Synopsis : After learning she's been entrusted to take care of her deceased cousin's children, an architect is torn between focusing on her career and honoring her cousin's wish.
Director:Sandra L. Martin
Stars:Danielle C. Ryan, Myko Olivier, John-Paul Lavoisier, Skyler Elyse Philpot

Driven to Kill (2021)
Synopsis : An ex-Russian mobster who is now a crime novelist must confront his past when his family is targeted by violence.
Director:Jeff King
Stars:Steven Seagal, Mike Dopud, Igor Jijikine, Robert Wisden

People Just Do Nothing(2021)
Synopsis : A mockumentary series about a group of failed MCs from West London and their passion for pirate radio.
Stars:
Hugo Chegwin, Asim Chaudhry, Steve Stamp

Between Waves (2020)
Synopsis : It's about a woman's pursuit to join her missing lover by crossing into a parallel dimension.
Director:Virginia Abramovich
Stars:Fiona Graham, Luke Robinson, Sebastian Deery, Stacey Bernstein

C.I.Ape (2021)
Synopsis : In the world of espionage, some missions require an agent with a unique set of skills, possessing not just bravery but an ability to melt even the most villanious heart. This is a job for C.I.Ape .
Director:Ali Zamani
Stars:Sophia Alongi, Skip Schwink, Madelyn Kientz, Lucas Ross

Girls' Night In (2021)
Synopsis : Three women who have been friends since childhood are enjoying their monthly dinner party when one announces to the other two, "Together we make up the perfect woman -- you're the brains,
Director:Emmett Loverde
Stars:Tiana Tuttle, Alexis Phillips, Samantha Skelton, Arielle Gottesman

Raise a Glass to Love (2021)
Synopsis : Follows aspiring Master Sommelier Jenna who returns to her family vineyard to study and is fascinated by the natural methods of the new winemaker, Marcelo.
Director:David Weaver
Stars:Laura Osnes, Juan Pablo Di Pace, Matthew James Dowden, Eric Keenleyside

Streamline (2021)
Synopsis : A 15-year-old swimming prodigy self-destructs after his father is released from jail.
Director:Tyson Wade Johnston
Stars:Jason Isaacs, Levi Miller, Jake Ryan, Laura Gordon

Help (2021)
Synopsis : An aspiring author during the civil rights movement of the 1960s decides to write a book detailing the African American maids' point of view on the white families for which they work, and the hardships they go through on a daily basis.
Director:Tate Taylor
Stars:Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Bryce Dallas Howard

Dear Evan Hansen (2021)
Synopsis : Film adaptation of the Tony and Grammy Award-winning musical about Evan Hansen, a high school senior with Social Anxiety disorder and his journey of self-discovery and acceptance following the suicide of a fellow classmate.
Director:Stephen Chbosky
Stars:Ben Platt, Julianne Moore, Kaitlyn Dever, Amy Adams

I Love Us (2021)
Synopsis : Sammy Silver struggle to trade his criminal ways for a married life after he falls in love with a single mother.
Director:Danny A. Abeckaser
Stars:Katie Cassidy, Robert Davi, David James Elliott, Jackie Cruz

Adam's Package (2021)
Synopsis : Living as an alien model in Hollywood certainly has its ISSUES.
Director:Andrew Chiaramonte
Stars:Andrew Rogers, Serena Hendrix, Shay Denison, Tim Mollen

The Stronghold (2021)
Synopsis : A police brigade working in the dangerous northern neighborhoods of Marseille, where the level of crime is higher than anywhere else in France.
Director:Cédric Jimenez
Stars:Gilles Lellouche, Karim Leklou, François Civil, Adèle Exarchopoulos

Final Frequency (2021)
Synopsis : A PhD student ties unusual tremors in Los Angeles to rogue scientists, who will weaponize Nikola Tesla's secrets and cause massive earthquakes, if they can only find his lost notebook.
Director:Tim Lowry
Stars:Nicolas Alexandre, Kirby Bliss Blanton, Eddie Buraye, Richard Burgi

The Obscure Life of the Grand Duke of Corsica (2021)
Synopsis : In 1221 a young man is set on his path to becoming St. Francis of Assisi. A thousand years later an architect must build a mausoleum for a dying billionaire. Separated by history, these men's lives will be forever changed by a pandemic.
Director:Daniel Graham
Stars:Timothy Spall, Peter Stormare, Matt Hookings, Alicia Agneson

Cry Macho (2021)
Synopsis : A one-time rodeo star and washed-up horse breeder takes a job to bring a man's young son home and away from his alcoholic mom. On their journey, the horseman finds redemption through teaching the boy what it means to be a good man.
Director:Clint Eastwood
Stars:Clint Eastwood, Dwight Yoakam, Daniel V. Graulau, Amber Lynn Ashley

The Auschwitz Report (2020)
Synopsis : This is the true story of Freddy and Walter - two young Slovak Jews, who were deported to Auschwitz in 1942. On 10 April 1944, after meticulous planning and with the help and the resilience
Director:Peter Bebjak
Stars:Noel Czuczor, Peter Ondrejicka, John Hannah, Wojciech Mecwaldowski

Everybody's Talking About Jamie (2021)
Synopsis : Feature film adaptation of the musical about a teenager from Sheffield, England who wants to be a drag queen.
Directors:Jonathan Butterell,
Tom MacRae|     Stars:Max Harwood, Lauren Patel, Sarah Lancashire, Shobna Gulati

The Killing of Kenneth Chamberlain (2020)
Synopsis : Based on the true story of the events that led to the death of Kenneth Chamberlain Sr., an elderly African American veteran with bipolar disorder, who was killed during a conflict with police officers who were dispatched to check on him.
Director:David Midell
Stars:Frankie Faison, Steve O'Connell, Enrico Natale, Ben Marten

Last Night in Rozzie (2021)
Synopsis : When a New York lawyer returns to his Boston hometown to reunite his dying friend with his young son, he is forced to finally confront a childhood trauma.
Director:Sean Gannet
Stars:Neil Brown Jr., Nicky Whelan, Jeremy Sisto, Kevin Chapman

Candyman (2021)
Synopsis : A sequel to the horror film Candyman (1992) that returns to the now-gentrified Chicago neighborhood where the legend began.
Director:Nia DaCosta
Stars:Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Teyonah Parris, Nathan Stewart-Jarrett, Colman Domingo

My Son (2021)
Synopsis : Driving in the heart of the Highlands, Edmond Murray receives a call from his ex-wife, in tears. Their 7-year-old son went missing from a campsite. Soon it becomes clear that the child was kidnapped and the parents give way to despair.
Director:Christian Carion
Stars:James McAvoy, Claire Foy, Tom Cullen, Gary Lewis

Typo (2021)
Synopsis : Abbie, an aspiring writer who finds that her marriage is not what she expected after her husband starts abusing her. Her life gets out of control, her plans to find a way out have consequences she didn't foresee.
Director:Antony Meadley
Stars:Melissa Hollett, Guy Barnes, David Christopher-Turner, Spencer Collings

Nightbooks (2021)
Synopsis : Follows Alex, a boy obsessed with scary stories who is imprisoned by an evil young witch in her contemporary New York City apartment.
Director:David Yarovesky
Stars:Winslow Fegley, Lidya Jewett, Krysten Ritter, Jess Brown

The Young and the Ratchet (2021)
Synopsis : But what if it's all a lie? The lessons they teach, the rules you learned, the people you thought you knew? There is no "Heartbreak 101" or Graduate-level Backstabbing courses on the
Directors:Nigel Gabbidon,
|     Stars:Alvin Abston, Becky Babatunde, Kane Bailey, Matthew Boykin-Derrill

Moonbound (2021)
Synopsis : Based on one of Germany's most popular children's books MOONBOUND tells the story of little Pete who embarks on an enchanting journey together with June bug Mr. Zoomzeman and the Sandman to rescue his little sister from the evil Moon Man.
Director:Ali Samadi Ahadi
Stars:Stephan Benson, David Daria, Lilian Gartner, Stefko Hanushevsky

Together (2021)
Synopsis : When Paris goes into lockdown during the pandemic, the quirky residents of an apartment building must adjust to a new life and one another.
Director:Dany Boon
Stars:Dany Boon, François Damiens, Laurence Arné, Yvan Attal

Lady Usher (2021)
Synopsis : This motion picture is a suspense/thriller based on the short story; The Fall of the House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe. This updated re-telling is written by award winning filmmaker George
Director:George Adams
Stars:Theresa Santiago, Billie D. Merritt, John Tupy, John Ferguson

Royal Jelly (2021)
Synopsis : A high school social outcast is taken under the wing of a mysterious mentor, only to be groomed as the hive's next queen.
Director:Sean Riley
Stars:Jonas Chartock, Fiona McQuinn, Elizabeth McCoy, Sherry Lattanzi

Best Sellers (2021)
Synopsis : A cranky, retired author reluctantly embarks on a final book tour to help out a young publisher.
Director:Lina Roessler
Stars:Michael Caine, Aubrey Plaza, Scott Speedman, Ellen Wong

Prisoners of the Ghostland (2021)
Synopsis : A notorious criminal must break an evil curse in order to rescue an abducted girl who has mysteriously disappeared.
Director:Sion Sono
Stars:Nicolas Cage, Sofia Boutella, Nick Cassavetes, Bill Moseley

Chompy & The Girls (2021)
Synopsis : A troubled woman meets her father for the first time and their encounter goes from awkward to alarming when they witness a man swallow a little girl whole.
Director:Skye Braband
Stars:Christy St. John, Steve Marvel, Julie Dolan, Seneca Paliotta

Bad Candy (2021)
Synopsis : On Halloween night in New Salem, Radio DJs Chilly Billy (Corey Taylor) and Paul (Zach Galligan) tell a twisted anthology of terrifying local myths that lead to a grim end for small-town residents.
Directors:Scott B. Hansen,
|     Stars:Zach Galligan, Derek Russo, Corey Taylor, Kevin Wayne

Teenage Vampire (2020)
Synopsis : Chase and Pam join the high school cheerleading squad in order to be cool and find out the team is infested with Vampires.
Director:Aaron Lee Lopez
Stars:Claire Tablizo, Jaeden Riley Juarez, Gabby Garcia, Mick Buck

Another Girl (2021)
Synopsis : Elle a student, becomes obsessed with Katie, the heroine of a novel she's just finished reading. When Elle, battling depression, becomes convinced that Katie is actually a human being, it sets her on a reckless and terrifying course.
Director:Allison Burnett
Stars:Samantha Hanratty, Peter Gadiot, Paul Rush, Peggy Goss

Redemption in Cherry Springs (2021)
Synopsis : Melanie and Jake follows a path of twists and turns till they uncover the shocking truth of Melanie's missing childhood friend Tony in her small town of Cherry springs.
Director:Letia Clouston
Stars:Rochelle Aytes, Keith D. Robinson, Hanna Lee Sakakibara, Rajiv Sharma

Shelter in Place (2021)
Synopsis : When a global pandemic limits the possibility of travel, a honeymooning couple gets stranded at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel where a skeleton staff of two employees tend to them. When
Directors:Chris Beyrooty,
|     Stars:Kevin Daniels, Brendan Hines, Ola Kaminska, Tatjana Marjanovic

What She Said (2021)
Synopsis : When Sam decides to drop the charges against her rapist, her friends and siblings gather to stage a Thanksgiving intervention.
Director:Amy Northup
Stars:Jenny Lester, Juliana Jurenas, Britt Michael Gordon, Peter Evangelista

The Influencer (2021)
Synopsis : Although wife and mother Mabel is loved by her husband Nick, her mental illness places a strain on the marriage.
Director:John Cassavetes
Stars:Gena Rowlands, Peter Falk, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands

The Power of the Dog (2021)
Synopsis : Charismatic rancher Phil Burbank inspires fear and awe in those around him. When his brother brings home a new wife and her son, Phil torments them until he finds himself exposed to the possibility of love.
Director:Jane Campion
Stars:Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst, Jesse Plemons, Kodi Smit-McPhee

The Curse of Lizzie Borden (2021)
Synopsis : Low Budget horror movie phenomenon Danielle De Luca (Queen Cobra) plays a girl who gets a job in a Lizzie Borden museum working for Mr. Moody (Mtv Singled Out's Randal Malone). Soon she
Director:Ford Austin
Stars:Randal Malone, Danielle De Luca, Jed Rowen, Kerry Feirman

Tales of the Uncanny (2020)
Synopsis : Add a Plot
Director:David Gregory
Stars:Ashim Ahluwalia, Chris Alexander, Joko Anwar, Mariano Baino

Romeo & Juliet (2021)
Synopsis : Shakespeare's famous play is updated to the hip modern suburb of Verona still retaining its original dialogue.
Director:Baz Luhrmann
Stars:Leonardo DiCaprio, Claire Danes, John Leguizamo, Harold Perrineau

Prey (2021)
Synopsis : After splitting with the Joker, Harley Quinn joins superheroines Black Canary, Huntress and Renee Montoya to save a young girl from an evil crime lord.
Director:Cathy Yan
Stars:Margot Robbie, Rosie Perez, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jurnee Smollett

Dating & New York (2021)
Synopsis : A 16-year-old tries to play matchmaker for her widowed father during Christmastime.
Director:Mick Davis
Stars:Jeremy Piven, Olivia-Mai Barrett, Hadar Cats, Joely Richardson

Gunfight at Dry River (2021)
Synopsis : The US-Mexican border in 1888. In Dry River, a desert town debilitated by drought, a promise of gold will bring hope, love, and death in equal measure.
Director:Daniel Simpson
Stars:Charlie Creed-Miles, Michael Moriarty, Ann Mitchell, Danny Shayler

Kate (2021)
Synopsis : A female assassin has 24 hours to get vengeance on her poisoner before she dies.
Director:Cedric Nicolas-Troyan
Stars:Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Woody Harrelson, Miku Patricia Martineau, Tadanobu Asano

Malignant (2021)
Synopsis : Madison is paralyzed by shocking visions of grisly murders, and her torment worsens as she discovers that these waking dreams are in fact terrifying realities.
Director:James Wan
Stars:Annabelle Wallis, Maddie Hasson, George Young, Michole Briana White

The Manson Brothers Midnight Zombie Massacre (2021)
Synopsis : After being relegated, the two fighting brothers signed up for a new game. But they didn't know that they need to stay in an arena to fight zombies.
Director:Max Martini
Stars:Chris Margetis, Mike Carey, David B. Meadows, Randy Couture

Martyrs Lane (2021)
Synopsis : Leah, 10, lives in a large vicarage, full of lost souls and the needy. In the day the house is bustling with people; at night it is dark, empty, a space for Leah's nightmares to creep into
Director:Ruth Platt
Stars:Kiera Thompson, Denise Gough, Sienna Sayer, Steven Cree

Lady of the Manor (2021)
Synopsis : A flatulent, aimless ne'er-do-well becomes a tour guide in a historic estate, and winds up befriending the manor's resident ghost.
Directors:Christian Long,
|     Stars:Melanie Lynskey, Judy Greer, Justin Long, Ryan Phillippe

Catch the Bullet (2021)
Synopsis : Britt MacMaster, a U.S. Marshal who rarely brings them back alive, returns home from the trail to discover his 12-year-old son, Chad has been kidnapped by outlaws Jed Blake and his gang.
Director:Michael Feifer
Stars:Jay Pickett, Gattlin Griffith, Mason McNulty, Cody Jones

The Voyeurs (2021)
Synopsis : Pippa and Thomas move into their dream apartment, they notice that their windows look directly into the apartment opposite, this will set in motion a chain of events that will lead to disaster.
Director:Michael Mohan
Stars:Sydney Sweeney, Justice Smith, Ben Hardy, Natasha Liu Bordizzo

Dune World (2021)
Synopsis : A deep space crew takes a job on a mysterious remote planet. A crash landing strands them on the hostile surface. Soon they find out what creatures live there, and the hidden fate of the crew before them.
Director:Mark Polonia
Stars:Houston Baker, Samantha Coolidge, Ryan Dalton, Cassandra Hayes

Synapse (2021)
Synopsis : An addicted memory dealer is chased relentlessly by federal narcotics agents bent on keeping the secrets he has locked in his mind hidden.
Director:Kenlon Clark
Stars:Adam G. Simon, Sophina Brown, Joshua Alba, Henry Simmons

Moon Rock for Monday (2021)
Synopsis : Set in Sydney, 1999, after an unlikely encounter at a train station, a young girl befriends a fugitive teenage boy and they travel to visit a moon rock that the girl believes will heal her.
Director:Kurt Martin
Stars:Aaron Jeffery, David Field, Karina Banno, Jessica Napier

Harry and Meghan(2021)
Synopsis : An orphaned boy enrolls in a school of wizardry, where he learns the truth about himself, his family and the terrible evil that haunts the magical world.
Director:Chris Columbus
Stars:Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith

Escape Room(2021)
Synopsis : Santa, a.k.a. Scott Calvin, is faced with double-duty: how to keep his new family happy and how to stop Jack Frost from taking over Christmas.
Director:Michael Lembeck
Stars:Tim Allen, Martin Short, Elizabeth Mitchell, Eric Lloyd

Wild Indian (2021)
Synopsis : Two men learn to confront a traumatic secret they share involving the savage murder of a schoolmate.
Director:Lyle Mitchell Corbine Jr.
Stars:Michael Greyeyes, Chaske Spencer, Jesse Eisenberg, Kate Bosworth

Webcam Cheerleaders (2021)
Synopsis : Maisy transfers to her late sister's college to find the truth behind her death, where she uncovers that many of the girls on the cheerleading squad are also webcam girls, but revealing the truth may have deadly consequences.
Director:Curtis Crawford
Stars:Joelle Farrow, Krista Bridges, George Thomas, Ash Catherwood

Language Arts (2021)
Synopsis : Charles, a withdrawn high school English teacher, and his student Romy start documenting collaborations between autistic youth and senior dementia patients, causing Charles to tailspin into his past and confront the errors of his youth.
Director:Cornelia Duryée
Stars:Ashley Zukerman, Sarah Shahi, Elliott Smith, Lincoln Lambert

Samantha Rose (2021)
Synopsis : Sam reunites with a childhood friend for an unforgettable week leading her to see her life for what it really is: her own.
Director:Andrew Morgan
Stars:Allison Berman, Johnny Dawson, Marla Freeman, Nicholas Horiatis

The Unlit (2021)
Synopsis : A supernatural thriller with a witchy theme, starring Cassandra Magrath
Director:Kate Whitbread
Stars:Cassandra Magrath, Kevin Hofbauer, Lee Mason, John Voce

Blood Sacrifice (2021)
Synopsis : This three-part documentary discovers the origins and beliefs of the Celts in artifacts and human remains across Europe. What emerges is not a portrait of wild people on the western fringes
Stars:
Neil Oliver, Mike Loades, Nigel Meeks

Dramarama (2020)
Synopsis : In 1994, a closeted teen struggles to part ways with his 4 high school drama friends at their final slumber party before they leave for college.
Director:Jonathan Wysocki
Stars:Nico Greetham, Anna Grace Barlow, Megan Suri, Zak Henri

African America (2021)
Synopsis : Black food is American food. Chef and writer Stephen Satterfield traces the delicious, moving throughlines from Africa to Texas in this docuseries.
Stars:
Adrian Miller, Michael Twitty, Jessica B. Harris

Shadowtown (2020)
Synopsis : Set in Iceland, Maya inherits an old house from a schizophrenic grandmother she didn't know. Messages from a mysterious source lead to questions about her grandmother's death and ultimately put her own life in danger.
Directors:Jon Einarsson Gustafsson,
|     Stars:Brittany Bristow, Edda Björgvinsdóttir, Kolbeinn Arnbjörnsson, John Rhys-Davies

Sacrilege (2020)
Synopsis : Four lifelong friends head to a remote lodge for a weekend of fun. What begins as an idyllic retreat quickly descends into a fight for their lives when a local Pagan cult offer them up to their Goddess as a sacrifice for the Solstice.
Director:David Creed
Stars:Tamaryn Payne, Emily Wyatt, Sian Abrahams, Naomi Willow

Boy Meets Boy (2021)
Synopsis : An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend.
Stars:
Rider Strong, William Daniels, Betsy Randle

Familiars (2021)
Synopsis : A married couple suddenly finds themselves living entirely different lives after their fates magically change through an unexpected incident.
Stars:
Han Ji-min, Seung-jo Jang, Kang Han-na

The Day After Quarantine (2021)
Synopsis : After the quarantine is lifted the world is getting back to business but for some that reality is too much. From rent to relationships, its all at stake in this hilarious movie that follows three men as they navigate the "new normal".
Directors:Chinedu Ernesto,
|     Stars:Aaleyah Abron, Latoya Abron, Vee Amor, Ant The Barber

Small Engine Repair (2021)
Synopsis : Events spin wildly out of control when three lifelong friends agree to do a favor on behalf of the brash young woman they all adore.
Director:John Pollono
Stars:Jon Bernthal, Shea Whigham, Jordana Spiro, John Pollono

Cheer for your Life (2021)
Synopsis : A high school girl's spirits are crushed as she suffers through a humiliating "Cheerleader Initiation Week," but her dreams aren't the only thing in danger when another girl on the squad turns up dead.
Director:Jared Cohn
Stars:Grace Patterson, Allison McAtee, Anna Belle Bayley, Marisa Lynae Hampton

Pick A Side (2021)
Synopsis : The quests of Lefiya Viridis together with Aiz Wallenstein the Sword Princess as they enter the Dungeon to investigate new kinds of monsters that have been causing uproars among adventurers.
Stars:
Juri Kimura, Shelley Calene-Black, Kelley Peters

Granada Nights (2021)
Synopsis : In Granada, Spain a British tourist struggles with a broken heart as he befriends a group of young foreigners and crashes into the heart of the international student scene.
Director:Abid Khan
Stars:Antonio Aakeel, Óscar Casas, Quintessa Swindell, Virgile Bramly

Range Roads (2021)
Synopsis : When her parents are killed in a sudden car accident, television actor Frankie King (Alana Hawley Purvis) returns to her hometown in rural Alberta to face this tragedy after being estranged from her family for 20 years.
Director:Kyle Thomas
Stars:Alana Hawley Purvis, Joe Perry, Nicole de Boer, Chad Brownlee

The Starter Marriage (2021)
Synopsis : Add a Plot
Director:Arthur Muhammad
Stars:Tim Llewellyn, Gerardo Davila, Sahara Ale, Kenneisha Thompson

The Miss OTB Scandal (2021)
Synopsis : Two has been Vegas icons plot to scam the beauty pageant world by producing a fake beauty pageant on the Las Vegas strip. All hell breaks loose when the two are consumed by greed, fame and fortune.
Director:Andrew Osburn
Stars:Becky Jo Harris, Marla Robison, Shannyn Lambert, Greg Lutz

Love Is Love Is Love (2021)
Synopsis : The proudly privileged top two students of an elite school each makes it their mission to be the first to extract a confession of love from the other.
Stars:
Makoto Furukawa, Konomi Kohara, Yutaka Aoyama

The French Dispatch (2021)
Synopsis : A love letter to journalists set in an outpost of an American newspaper in a fictional twentieth century French city that brings to life a collection of stories published in "The French Dispatch Magazine".
Director:Wes Anderson
Stars:Benicio Del Toro, Adrien Brody, Tilda Swinton, Léa Seydoux

I Was a Simple Man (2021)
Synopsis : A family in Hawai'i faces the imminent death of their eldest as the ghosts of the past haunt the countryside.
Director:Christopher Makoto Yogi
Stars:Steve Iwamoto, Constance Wu, Tim Chiou, Kanoa Goo

Rumble (2022)
Synopsis : In a world where monster wrestling is a global sport and monsters are superstar athletes, teenage Winnie seeks to follow in her father's footsteps by coaching a loveable underdog monster into a champion.
Director:Hamish Grieve
Stars:Geraldine Viswanathan, Will Arnett, Stephen A. Smith, Terry Crews

South Park(2021)
Synopsis : Follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade-schoolers in the quiet, dysfunctional town of South Park, Colorado.
Stars:
Matt Stone, Isaac Hayes, Mona Marshall

Swan Song (2021)
Synopsis : In the near future, a terminally ill man explores a heart wrenching, emotionally complex solution to save his wife and son from grief by duplicating himself without them knowing.
Director:Benjamin Cleary
Stars:Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Awkwafina, Glenn Close

Mother Android (2021)
Synopsis : In a post-apocalyptic world rocked by a violent android uprising, a young pregnant woman and her boyfriend desperately search for safety.
Director:Mattson Tomlin
Stars:Chloë Grace Moretz, Oscar Wahlberg, Raúl Castillo, Steve M. Robertson

The Boathouse (2021)
Synopsis : A music student is hired as a nanny for the summer at a remote cottage.
Director:Hannah Cheesman
Stars:Michaela Kurimsky, Alan Van Sprang, Taylor Belle, Jack Fulton

The Scary of Sixty-First (2021)
Synopsis : Two roommates' lives are upended after finding out that their new Manhattan apartment harbors a dark secret.
Director:Dasha Nekrasova
Stars:Madeline Quinn, Betsey Brown, Stephen Gurewitz, Dasha Nekrasova

Last Words (2021)
Synopsis : Harriet is a retired businesswoman who tries to control everything around her. When she decides to write her own obituary, a young journalist takes up the task of finding out the truth resulting in a life-altering friendship.
Director:Mark Pellington
Stars:Shirley MacLaine, Amanda Seyfried, AnnJewel Lee Dixon, Thomas Sadoski

The Novice (2021)
Synopsis : A college freshman joins her university's rowing team and undertakes an obsessive physical and psychological journey to make it to the top varsity boat, no matter the cost.
Director:Lauren Hadaway
Stars:Isabelle Fuhrman, Amy Forsyth, Dilone, Jonathan Cherry

Wild Game (2021)
Synopsis : When a cash-strapped rancher takes an offer to help a movie star poach elk it seems like easy money, until a fatal run-in with the local authorities triggers a series of events that pits man against man in a bloody showdown.
Director:Brock Harris
Stars:Creed Garnick, Charlie Barnett, Allison Paige, Matthew Daddario

Twisted Little Lies (2021)
Synopsis : Brianna is hurt when she finds her fiance Nick cheating on her with his co-worker Christina, so Brianna confides in a stranger online but soon her life unravels when she realizes he's no stranger.
Stars:
Conlan Kisilewicz, Ulyses Espinoza, Melissa Archer

Venom(2021)
Synopsis : Eddie Brock attempts to reignite his career by interviewing serial killer Cletus Kasady, who becomes the host of the symbiote Carnage and escapes prison after a failed execution.
Director:Andy Serkis
Stars:Tom Hardy, Woody Harrelson, Michelle Williams, Naomie Harris

Hacker(2022)
Synopsis : Hackers are blamed for making a virus that will capsize five oil tankers.
Director:Iain Softley
Stars:Jonny Lee Miller, Angelina Jolie, Jesse Bradford, Matthew Lillard

Montford(2021)
Synopsis : A remarkable story inspired by the life of renowned Chickasaw cattleman Montford T. Johnson, a man who overcame great hardships to establish a ranching empire along the famous cattle highway of the American West, the Chisolm Trail.
Director:Nathan Frankowski
Stars:Martin Sensmeier, Dermot Mulroney, Tommy Flanagan, James Landry Hébert

Diana(2021)
Synopsis : During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana embarks on a final rite of passage: a secret love affair with Pakistani heart surgeon Hasnat Khan.
Director:Oliver Hirschbiegel
Stars:Naomi Watts, Naveen Andrews, Cas Anvar, Charles Edwards

star-crossed(2021)
Synopsis : About an epic romance between a human girl and an alien boy when he and others of his kind are integrated into a suburban high school 10 years after they landed on Earth and were consigned to an internment camp.
Stars:
Matt Lanter, Grey Damon, Greg Finley

Journey of My Heart(2021)
Synopsis : Unusually gifted, successful CEO/entrepreneur Sebastien Martin has experienced accurate prophetic visions for years. While ignoring his psychic abilities to build a normal life, Sebastien's
Director:Cybela Clare
Star:Sebastien Martin

Dogface(2021)
Synopsis : After moving into a haunted trap house, a troubled young hustler from the streets begins to discover his true purpose.
Director:Felix Jordan
Stars:Know Cash, Abms Daisy, Garron Gates, Gotti

Myth(2021)
Synopsis : An unfathomable incident introduces a genius engineer to dangerous secrets of the world, and to a woman from the future who's come looking for him.
Stars:
Park Shin-Hye, In-ho Tae, Halley Kim

Journey of My Heart (2021)
Synopsis : Unusually gifted, successful CEO/entrepreneur Sebastien Martin has experienced accurate prophetic visions for years. While ignoring his psychic abilities to build a normal life, Sebastien's
Director:Cybela Clare
Star:Sebastien Martin

VHS 94 (2021)
Synopsis : A police S.W.A.T. team investigates about a mysterious VHS tape and discovers a sinister cult that has pre-recorded material which uncovers a nightmarish conspiracy.
Directors:Simon Barrett,
Chloe Okuno, Ryan Prows, Jennifer Reeder, Timo Tjahjanto|     Stars:Anna Hopkins, Christian Potenza, Brian Paul, Tim Campbell

If I Cant Have Love I Want Power (2021)
Synopsis : The music of Halsey's upcoming album, introduces a young pregnant Queen, Lila, as she wrestles with the chokehold of love to ultimately discover that the ability to create life (and end it) unlocks the paranormal power within her.
Director:Colin Tilley
Stars:Halsey, Sasha Lane, Vuk Celebic, Brian Caspe

The Worst Person in the World (2021)
Synopsis : The chronicles of four years in the life of Julie, a young woman who navigates the troubled waters of her love life and struggles to find her career path, leading her to take a realistic look at who she really is.
Director:Joachim Trier
Stars:Renate Reinsve, Anders Danielsen Lie, Maria Grazia Di Meo, Mia McGovern Zaini

Deadly Girls Night Out (2021)
Synopsis : Deadly Girls Night Out is the story of three close friends planning a party out for the night. However, the night ends up in a tragic death that unravel deep secrets.
Director:Ben Meyerson
Stars:Nicholas Downs, Carlos Enrique Escarcega, Annika Foster, Preston Geer

Last Train to Christmas (2021)
Synopsis : Followed by Tony Towers, he's a local celebrity, a successful nightclub manager and he is engaged to a younger woman, Sue. Things get a little strange when he embarks upon the 3:17 to Nottingham for a Christmas family reunion.
Director:Julian Kemp
Stars:Cary Elwes, Nathalie Emmanuel, Michael Sheen, Mia McKenna-Bruce

The Worst Person in the World (2021) Subbed
Synopsis : The chronicles of four years in the life of Julie, a young woman who navigates the troubled waters of her love life and struggles to find her career path, leading her to take a realistic look at who she really is.
Director:Joachim Trier
Stars:Renate Reinsve, Anders Danielsen Lie, Maria Grazia Di Meo, Mia McGovern Zaini

By the Grace of (2021)
Synopsis : Three men, abused by the same priest during their childhood, engage in a fight for justice that will expose their personal experiences and question their life with their wife, family, and colleagues.
Director:François Ozon
Stars:Melvil Poupaud, Denis Ménochet, Swann Arlaud, Éric Caravaca

I Live Alone (2021)
Synopsis : Sixteen year old Parker has to go stay with her reclusive Aunt Len while her Mother's in the hospital. Parker quickly realizes her Aunt is living in solitude for a very dark and horrific reason.
Director:Krsy Fox
Stars:Bonnie Aarons, Nyaling Marenah, Krsy Fox, Radek Lord

Resident Evil(2021)
Synopsis : Set in 1998, this origin story explores the secrets of the mysterious Spencer Mansion and the ill-fated Raccoon City.
Director:Johannes Roberts
Stars:Kaya Scodelario, Robbie Amell, Hannah John-Kamen, Tom Hopper

Being the Ricardos (2021)
Synopsis : Follows Lucy and Desi as they face a crisis that could end their careers and another that could end their marriage.
Director:Aaron Sorkin
Stars:Nicole Kidman, Javier Bardem, Nina Arianda, J.K. Simmons

True to the Game 3 (2021)
Synopsis : The trilogy picks right up where True 2 left us. Gena's awakes to find that her mysterious savior is Quadir. Before happily ever after, Gena has 72 hours to go back to Philly to check on Bria and Gah Git and let them know of her plans.
Director:David Wolfgang
Stars:Malik Barnhardt, Starletta DuPois, Omar Gooding, Iyana Halley

The Matrix Resurrections (2021)
Synopsis : Return to a world of two realities: one, everyday life; the other, what lies behind it. To find out if his reality is a construct, to truly know himself, Mr. Anderson will have to choose to follow the white rabbit once more.
Director:Lana Wachowski
Stars:Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jonathan Groff

Wolf (2021)
Synopsis : Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.
Director:Martin Scorsese
Stars:Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey

Cmon Cmon (2021)
Synopsis : Add a Plot



Ebony Hustle (2021)
Synopsis : Ex Stripper turns Private Investigator.
Director:Jamezz Hampton
Stars:Michelle l Lamb, Andrew Chandler, Ryan Elizabeth, Jessica Mitchell

Encanto (2021)
Synopsis : A young Colombian girl has to face the frustration of being the only member of her family without magical powers.
Directors:Jared Bush,
Charise Castro Smith|     Stars:Stephanie Beatriz, María Cecilia Botero, John Leguizamo, Mauro Castillo

Reno 911! The Hunt for QAnon (2021)
Synopsis : Follows the deputies of the Reno Sheriff's Department as they hunt for Q, the one behind all the QAnon conspiracies. Their efforts cause them to get stuck at a QAnon convention at sea.
Director:Robert Ben Garant
Stars:Carlos Alazraqui, Mary Birdsong, Robert Ben Garant, Kerri Kenney

Don't Look Up (2021)
Synopsis : Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn mankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
Director:Adam McKay
Stars:Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Meryl Streep, Cate Blanchett

Cicada (2021)
Synopsis : Follows hacker Connor, his best friend Avi and a cunning librarian who find themselves over their heads when forced to compete in a sophisticated dark web secret society's global recruitment game.
Director:Alan Ritchson
Stars:Jack Kesy, Conor Leslie, Ron Funches, Alan Ritchson

Mothering Sunday (2021)
Synopsis : A maid living in post-World War I England secretly plans to meet with the man she loves before he leaves to marry another woman.
Director:Eva Husson
Stars:Odessa Young, Josh O'Connor, Colin Firth, Olivia Colman

The Kindred (2022)
Synopsis : A woman suffering from amnesia pieces together the events that led to her father's suicide, only to be haunted by the ghosts of children that she begins to suspect were murdered by him.
Director:Jamie Patterson
Stars:James Cosmo, Samantha Bond, Patrick Bergin, Tahirah Sharif

Jekyll and Hyde (2021)
Synopsis : Dr. Jekyll faces horrible consequences when he lets his dark side run wild with a potion that transforms him into the animalistic Mr. Hyde.
Director:Rouben Mamoulian
Stars:Fredric March, Miriam Hopkins, Rose Hobart, Holmes Herbert

Last Looks (2021)
Synopsis : A disgraced ex-cop seeks solace by moving to the woods, but his quiet life comes to an end when a private eye recruits him to investigate a murder.
Director:Tim Kirkby
Stars:Clancy Brown, Mel Gibson, Morena Baccarin, Charlie Hunnam

Superworm (2021)
Synopsis : Superworm is super-long and super-strong, and is always saving the day. But who can save him when he gets too full of himself and is captured by the evil Wizard Lizard?
Directors:Jac Hamman,
|     Stars:Olivia Colman, Matt Smith, Patricia Allison, Kobna Holdbrook-Smith

Krays Code of Silence (2021)
Synopsis : Ben, Lucinda and Luke talk about the screenwriting process, pre-production, location and performances plus directing and producing tips and tricks on their film Krays: Code of Silence
Director:Giles Alderson
Stars:Giles Alderson, Luke Bailey, Ben Mole, Lucinda Rhodes Thakrar

The Gardener (2021)
Synopsis : Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
Stars:
Collin Dean, Melanie Lynskey, Christopher Lloyd

National Champions (2021)
Synopsis : Follows star quarterback who ignites a players strike hours before the biggest game of the year in order to fight for fair compensation, equality and respect for the student-athletes.
Director:Ric Roman Waugh
Stars:Stephan James, J.K. Simmons, Alexander Ludwig, Lil Rel Howery

The Great and Terrible Day of the Lord (2021)
Synopsis : For their first romantic get-away as a couple, Gabby and Michael take a trip to a remote, upscale cabin in the mountains. The first night takes a terrifying turn when Michael slips into an
Directors:Jared Jay Mason,
|     Stars:Jordan Ashley Grier, Swayde McCoy

Red Rocket (2021)
Synopsis : Mikey Saber is a washed-up porn star who returns to his small Texas hometown, not that anyone really wants him back.
Director:Sean Baker
Stars:Simon Rex, Bree Elrod, Suzanna Son, Brenda Deiss

The Seance (2021)
Synopsis : Sarah and her friends decide to spend the weekend at an old villa Sarah mysteriously inherited. After finding a Ouija Board in the attic, Sarah and her friends unknowingly awaken an evil
Director:Andrea Mugnaini
Stars:Alan Cappelli Goetz, Andrea Fachinetti, Holly Louise Mumford, Gianfranco Quero

Mass (2021)
Synopsis : An isolated island community experiences miraculous events - and frightening omens - after the arrival of a charismatic, mysterious young priest.
Stars:
Zach Gilford, Kristin Lehman, Samantha Sloyan

American Siege (2022)
Synopsis : An ex-NYPD officer-turned-sheriff of a small rural Georgia town has to contend with a gang of thieves who have taken a wealthy doctor hostage.
Director:Edward Drake
Stars:Bruce Willis, Rob Gough, Timothy V. Murphy, Johann Urb

Ghostbusters(2021)
Synopsis : When a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original Ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind.
Director:Jason Reitman
Stars:Carrie Coon, Paul Rudd, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace

Sensation (2021)
Synopsis : Attempting to cure her mentally handicapped son's virginity, his mother and several friends embark on a cruise which strands them on nearly deserted island where lust and murder are on the menu!
Director:Ottavio Alessi
Stars:Maud Belleroche, Maurizio Bonuglia, Edwige Fenech, Ruggero Miti

The Lost Daughter (2021)
Synopsis : A woman's beach vacation takes a dark turn when she begins to confront the troubles of her past.
Director:Maggie Gyllenhaal
Stars:Olivia Colman, Jessie Buckley, Dakota Johnson, Ed Harris

iGilbert (2021)
Synopsis : Gilbert Gonzalez (Adrian Martinez), feels isolated from the world. He is 39, a virgin, obese and lives with his sarcastic, overprotective mother, who owns the Manhattan brownstone. Fearful
Director:Adrian Martinez
Stars:Mozhan Marnò, Raúl Castillo, Dascha Polanco, Monique Gabriela Curnen

Seal Team (2021)
Synopsis : The lives of the elite Navy SEALs as they train, plan and execute the most dangerous, high-stakes missions the United States of America can ask.
Stars:
Max Thieriot, Neil Brown Jr., A.J. Buckley

Megaboa (2021)
Synopsis : A group of college students head into the rainforest to look for cave drawings. But a once thought to be extinct fifty-foot boa constrictor is out hungry for blood.
Director:Mario N. Bonassin
Stars:Eric Roberts, Emilia Torello, Joe Herrera, Michelle Elizabeth O'Shea

Amityville in the Hood (2021)
Synopsis : An Eastside gang uses the Amityville property to grow marijuana when they are attacked by a rival gang and their drugs stolen. Soon, it's unleashed on the Westside streets of Compton, where anyone who smokes it suffers one KILLER buzz.
Director:Dustin Ferguson
Stars:Dustin Ferguson, Jennifer Nangle, Ken May, Thom Michael Mulligan

The Secret Sauce (2021)
Synopsis : Laura is a Chicago marketing executive sent to oversee a small mid-west town cook-off and entice Jim, the local barbecue joint owner, to let her license his family's secret BBQ sauce. As
Director:Philippe Gagnon
Stars:Tori Anderson, Corey Sevier, Nora McLellan, Christian Paul

The Ravine (2021)
Synopsis : On a weekday morning in a peaceful suburb of Akron, Ohio, the town awakens to discover that Rachel Turner and her son, Evan, have been brutally murdered during the night. A short while
Director:Keoni Waxman
Stars:Teri Polo, Eric Dane, Peter Facinelli, Leslie Uggams

Where Your Heart Belongs (2022)
Synopsis : When a NY marketing executive returns home to help with her best friend's wedding, she learns the hard way that the love and support of family and friends means more than she'd ever imagined.
Director:Christie Will Wolf
Stars:Jen Lilley, Christopher Russell, Jill Morrison, Robert Wisden

Into Schrodinger's Box (2021)
Synopsis : In this daring psychological thriller, musician Sofia must cope with the stress and isolation of quarantine after her husband is infected with COVID-19. Sofia's loneliness leads to
Directors:Amir Ganjavie,
|     Stars:Ada Shkalla, Lee Lawson, Geoff Mays, Frida Banks

Sheer Pandemic (2022)
Synopsis : Two unemployed friends become entangled with a gangster once the money starts rolling in after selling black-market toilet paper during a pandemic.
Directors:Grant Davis,
|     Stars:Kris Clinton, Theo Bray, Robin Clayton, Grant Davis

Delicate State (2022)
Synopsis : Shot over the course of their actual pregnancy with cast doubling as 2-man crew, Paula and Charlie document their impending parenthood during a time of extreme political division. Their
Director:Paula Rhodes
Stars:Paula Rhodes, Charlie Bodin, Glenn Morshower, Cathy Baron

The Way (2022)
Synopsis : Desperate to avoid his family's judgment about his perpetual single status, Peter convinces his best friend Nick to join him for the holidays and pretend that they're now in a relationship.
Director:Michael Mayer
Stars:Michael Urie, Philemon Chambers, Luke Macfarlane, Barry Bostwick

Monsters in the Closet (2022)
Synopsis : Paul Dooley, Paul Walker, John Carradine and Henry Gibson head up an all-star cast in this horror-comedy about a murderous but misunderstood monster!
Director:Bob Dahlin
Stars:Donald Grant, Denise DuBarry, Claude Akins, Howard Duff

Iris Warriors (2022)
Synopsis : The Iris Warriors have brought light and beauty to the world, but when their bitter mother, Darkness, threatens to destroy them, they must find a way to work together to defeat her and bring colour back to their universe.
Director:Roydon Turner
Stars:Jessica Brown Findlay, Cindy Okkers, Sven-Eric Muller, Henk Opperman

Rucker (The Trucker)
Synopsis : A trucker attempts to reconnect with his family by killing women who remind him of his ex-wife.
Director:Amy Hesketh
Stars:Leona Britt, Jessica Cameron, Corey Taylor, Bobby C. King

Deadly Garage Sale (2022)
Synopsis : When thieves rob the garage sale of suburban mom Marcia, a struggle ensues, and one of the thieves is killed. Unbeknownst to Marcia, the dead thief's sister returns, masquerading as a kind
Director:Doug Campbell
Stars:Aryè Campos, Juliana Destefano, Autumn Noel, Matthew Pohlkamp

A Mouthful of Air (2021)
Synopsis : Julie Davis writes bestselling children's books about unlocking your fears, but has yet to unlock her own. When her daughter is born, that trauma is brought to the fore, and with it, a crushing battle to survive.
Director:Amy Koppelman
Stars:Jennifer Carpenter, Amanda Seyfried, Britt Robertson, Paul Giamatti

The Lost Treasure (2022)
Synopsis : A globetrotting archaeologist discovers danger and intrigue while searching for an elusive treasure of the ancient Kingdom of Ugarit.
Stars:
Joanne Kelly, Thure Riefenstein, Susan Ward

The Jack in the Box(2022)
Synopsis : When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is un-earthed and opened, it's new owners soon have reason to believe the creepy clown doll within has a life of it's own.
Director:Lawrence Fowler
Stars:Ethan Taylor, Robert Strange, Lucy-Jane Quinlan, Philip Ridout

Furry Friends Forever(2021)
Synopsis : The Best Furry Friends crew are made up of six girlfriends--Angelina, Cassandra, Kristin, Phoebe, Stephanie, Zoe--and their six furry fashionista side-kicks---Stardust (a pegacorn), Dash (a
Stars:
Madison Cox, Taylor Lyn Dawson, Lauren Kosteski

The House (2022)
Synopsis : The story of the House Targaryen set 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones (2011).
Stars:
Olivia Cooke, Emma D'Arcy, Matt Smith

Stoker Hills (2022)
Synopsis : Three college students filming a horror movie find themselves trapped in their own worst nightmare. Their only hope for survival is two detectives who find the camera they left behind.
Director:Benjamin Louis
Stars:Tony Todd, Steffani Brass, David Gridley, Vince Hill-Bedford

The Curse of La Patasola (2022)
Synopsis : On a weekend camping trip, two struggling couples are haunted by La Patasola, a famed vampiric monster from Amazonian folklore, testing their relationships, morality, and will to survive.
Director:AJ Jones
Stars:Luciana Faulhaber, Patrick R. Walker, Najah Bradley, AJ Jones

Shattered (2022)
Synopsis : A rich divorcee Chris falls in love with a mysterious woman Sky where Chris, ex-wife and his child eventually gets trapped and a desperate fight for survival will most likely ensue.
Director:Luis Prieto
Stars:Cameron Monaghan, Sasha Luss, Ridely Asha Bateman, Lilly Krug

Arctic Void (2022)
Synopsis : When the power mysteriously fails, and almost everyone vanishes from a small tourist vessel in the Arctic, fear becomes the master for the three who remain. Forced ashore, the men
Director:Darren Mann
Stars:Michael Weaver, Tim Griffin, Justin Huen, Rune Temte

The Free Fall (2021)
Synopsis : After attempting to take her own life, a young woman must wrestle with an overbearing husband.
Director:Adam Stilwell
Stars:Andrea Londo, Shawn Ashmore, Jane Badler, Michael Berry Jr.

Italian Studies (2022)
Synopsis : A writer loses her memory. Adrift in NYC, she connects with a group of teenagers - in conversations both real and imagined - and searches for a way home.
Director:Adam Leon
Stars:Vanessa Kirby, David Ajala, Annika Wahlsten, Lars Wahlsten

Borrego (2022)
Synopsis : Borrego follows a young botanist who relocates to a small desert town to study an invasive plant species. She must fight for her survival when she's kidnapped by an inexperienced drug mule after his ultralight plane crashes in the desert.
Director:Jesse Harris
Stars:Lucy Hale, Nicholas Gonzalez, Olivia Trujillo, Jorge A. Jimenez

Ray Donovan(2022)
Synopsis : Ray Donovan, a professional "fixer" for the rich and famous in Los Angeles, can make anyone's problems disappear except those created by his own family.
Stars:
Eddie Marsan, Dash Mihok, Pooch Hall

Sex Appeal (2022)
Synopsis : Avery, a teenager with a tendency towards perfectionism, enlists her friend Larson to help her prepare for her first time with her long-distance boyfriend.
Director:Talia Osteen
Stars:Mika Abdalla, Jake Short, Rebecca Henderson, Mason Versaw

The Tragedy of Macbeth (2021)
Synopsis : A Scottish lord becomes convinced by a trio of witches that he will become the next King of Scotland, and his ambitious wife supports him in his plans of seizing power.
Director:Joel Coen
Stars:Denzel Washington, Frances McDormand, Alex Hassell, Bertie Carvel

The Surprise Visit (2022)
Synopsis : A robbery goes wrong, leaving two young drug addicts to make a difficult decision: to give up, or to do the unthinkable.
Director:Nick Lyon
Stars:Regan Ferrier, Tricia Hawn, Serah Henesey, Rob Riordan

Hotel Transylvania(2022)
Synopsis : A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge.
Director:Wes Anderson
Stars:Ralph Fiennes, F. Murray Abraham, Mathieu Amalric, Adrien Brody

Photocopier (2021)
Synopsis : After losing her scholarship when photos of her at a party surface online, a student pairs with a photocopy worker to piece together what happened.
Director:Wregas Bhanuteja
Stars:Shenina Cinnamon, Dea Panendra, Giulio Parengkuan, Jerome Kurnia

Dear Best Friend (2022)
Synopsis : Dawn Goldie is a painter who seemingly has the perfect life. Thriving gallery, loving husband Alex, and adorable 2 year old son Lennox; but the tragic death of her best friend Cori two
Director:DeShon Hardy
Stars:Jeremy Meeks, Andra Fuller, Asia'h Epperson, Vernon Davis

Brazen (2022)
Synopsis : When her sister is killed and her double life as a webcam performer is revealed, Grace ignores the warnings of a cool-headed detective and gets involved in the case.
Director:Monika Mitchell
Stars:Alyssa Milano, Sam Page, Malachi Weir, Emilie Ullerup

How I Fell in Love with a Gangster (2022)
Synopsis : A mysterious woman recounts the rise and fall of Nikodem "Nikos" Skotarczak, one of the biggest gangsters in Poland's history.
Director:Maciej Kawulski
Stars:Tomasz Wlosok, Aleks Kurdzielewicz, Antoni Królikowski, Agnieszka Grochowska

I Am Mortal (2022)
Synopsis : Set 200 years in the future, a small band of rebels face off against the status quo where humans have achieved immortality through genetic engineering
Director:Tony Aloupis
Stars:Abraham Lewis, Eloise Smyth, Sean Gunn, Lauren Lindsey Donzis

The Man with the Answers (2021)
Synopsis : A former Greek diving champion and an eccentric German student take an adventurous road-trip of rediscovery from Bari to Bavaria.
Director:Stelios Kammitsis
Stars:Vasilis Magouliotis, Anton Weil, Pier Andrea Bosna, Vassilis Dimitroulias

Eternals (2021)
Synopsis : The saga of the Eternals, a race of immortal beings who lived on Earth and shaped its history and civilizations.
Director:Chloé Zhao
Stars:Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Angelina Jolie, Salma Hayek

A Journal for Jordan (2021)
Synopsis : 1st Sgt. Charles Monroe King, before he is killed in action in Baghdad, authors a journal for his son intended to tell him how to live a decent life despite growing up without a father.
Director:Denzel Washington
Stars:Michael B. Jordan, Chanté Adams, Jalon Christian, Robert Wisdom

Amityville Uprising (2022)
Synopsis : A chemical blast at a military base sets off a supernatural disaster in this tense action-horror thriller. As Sgt. Dash tries to keep the peace at the local police station, the explosion unleashes a toxic acid rain.
Director:Thomas J. Churchill
Stars:Mike Ferguson, Kole Benfield, Michael Cervantes, Dan Yoon Hyuck Choi

Old Strangers (2022)
Synopsis : Three friends reconnect in a secluded mountain town after a long quarantine. While out for a hike, the trio stumble upon something dark and terrible in the deep woods.
Director:Nick Gregorio
Stars:Ted Evans, Madeleine Humphries, Colton Eschief Mastro, Andy Riesmeyer

Never Alone (2022)
Synopsis : A hiker's survival skills are put to the test, when he stumbles upon the remains of an old abandoned camp and discovers its long dark secrets.
Director:Vincente DiSanti
Stars:Drew Leighty, Vincente DiSanti, Katie Schwartz, Robert DuBois

I, Challenger (2022)
Synopsis : Sid, a perennial kid who spends his days playing video games and selling weed, is about to be evicted. Desperate to change his life, he enlists his gaming buddy Logan in a dangerous scheme involving the livestream of a self-burial video.
Director:Paul Boyd
Stars:James Duval, Coy Stewart, Tina Majorino, MC Lyte

The Legend of La Llorona (2022)
Synopsis : While vacationing in Mexico, a couple discovers their son's disappearance is tied to a supernatural curse.
Director:Patricia Harris Seeley
Stars:Autumn Reeser, Danny Trejo, Antonio Cupo, Josh Zaharia

Stroke of Luck (2022)
Synopsis : Young Nathan has pulled a damaging prank at his school in the city and is sent to his father's farm to work it off. But Nathan finds much more than he bargained for when he gets there,
Director:Christian Frelinghuysen
Stars:Kyle Derosiers, Sara Ball, John Popper, Patrick Lescarbeau

Run & Gun (2021)
Synopsis : A homeschooled teenager begins to suspect her mother is keeping a dark secret from her.
Director:Aneesh Chaganty
Stars:Sarah Paulson, Kiera Allen, Sara Sohn, Pat Healy

North to Home (2022)
Synopsis : Follows Suzanne McBride and her three adopted daughters, this looks like a great time for a family reunion, but the sisters are each wrestling with unique challenges that threaten to derail this special occasion.
Director:Ali Liebert
Stars:Lyndsy Fonseca, Kimberley Sustad, Erica Durance, Tom Stevens

Small World (2021)
Synopsis : Follows policeman Robert Goc, who becomes engaged in an international investigation to find a girl who was kidnapped by Russian mafia.
Director:Patryk Vega
Stars:Piotr Adamczyk, Enrique Arce, Jim Conway, Andris Keiss

War Cake (2022)
Synopsis : Judith, a small-town senior on the verge of graduation, struggles against the pressure of her strict religious upbringing and is pushed to extreme lengths when a terrible event brings her entire world crashing down.
Directors:Taylor Frost,
|     Stars:Christopher Cutillo, Michael Ray Davis, Danielle Engelman, Jamie Frost

Dancer in Danger (2022)
Synopsis : An online dance contest turns deadly when an unknown assailant attacks and abducts a woman's teenage daughter.
Director:Chris Jaymes
Stars:Lauren Albo, Chelsea Rose Cook, Dylan Flynn, Emma Jessop

Deadly Ex Next Door (2022)
Synopsis : Elise and her husband Allan have finally found the perfect home: it's secluded, on a lake, and the two can finally enjoy a little quiet while Elise works on her novel. A few weeks later, a
Director:Joseph J. Gillanders
Stars:Tianna Nori, Jack Grinhaus, Jean Paul Najm, Brendee Green

A World Of Worlds(2022)
Synopsis : As an asteroid nears Earth, a man finds himself alone after his wife leaves in a panic. He decides to take a road trip to reunite with his high school sweetheart. Accompanying him is a neighbor who inadvertently puts a wrench in his plan.
Director:Lorene Scafaria
Stars:Steve Carell, Keira Knightley, Melanie Lynskey, Patton Oswalt

Pleasure (2021)
Synopsis : Bella Cherry arrives in Los Angeles with dreams of becoming an adult film star, but she soon learns that fame won't come easy as she harnesses her ambition and cunning to rise to the top of this mesmerizing and singular world.
Director:Ninja Thyberg
Stars:Sofia Kappel, Revika Anne Reustle, Evelyn Claire, Chris Cock

Weekend Warriors (2021)
Synopsis : A fun camping trip turns into a desperate fight for survival after two kids witness a horrific event in the wild. They have to endure the elements and wildlife and they must also find a way to reach civilization before it's too late.
Directors:Brett Bortle,
|     Stars:Corbin Bernsen, Jason London, Jack Gross, Juliet Rusche

Killer Stepmom (2022)
Synopsis : A teen with a reputation for telling lies and creating trouble witnesses her new stepmother murder a man in a vacant parking lot. Now, she must convince her mother to believe her story before she enacts her plan to destroy her family.
Director:Richard Switzer
Stars:Julia Terranova, Jillian Murray, Jon Briddell, D.C. Douglas

Another Us (2021)
Synopsis : A high school senior finds himself in alternate realities where the one thing he wants the most is missing, his girlfriend.
Directors:Jeffrey Bruck,
|     Stars:Jarrett Bloom, Haileigh Bruck, Sarah Fleming, Sonja Gallahan

Harvey (2021)
Synopsis : Steve Harvey welcomes a variety of conflicts and characters to his courtroom, from small claims to big disputes.
Stars:
Colbert Minga

See for Me (2022)
Synopsis : When blind former skier Sophie cat-sits in a secluded mansion, three thieves invade for the hidden safe. Sophie's only defense is army veteran Kelly. Kelly helps Sophie defend herself against the invaders to survive.
Director:Randall Okita
Stars:Skyler Davenport, Natalie Brown, Matthew Gouveia, Laura Vandervoort

Sing 2 (2021)
Synopsis : Buster Moon and his friends must persuade reclusive rock star Clay Calloway to join them for the opening of a new show.
Director:Garth Jennings
Stars:Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Scarlett Johansson, Tori Kelly

The Tender Bar (2021)
Synopsis : A boy growing up on Long Island seeks out father figures among the patrons at his uncle's bar.
Director:George Clooney
Stars:Ben Affleck, Tye Sheridan, Daniel Ranieri, Lily Rabe

The Wasteland (2021)
Synopsis : The tranquil lives of a family isolated from the rest of society are disturbed by a terrifying creature, testing the ties that bind them together.
Director:David Casademunt
Stars:Inma Cuesta, Roberto Álamo, Asier Flores, Alejandra Howard

The Commando (2022)
Synopsis : A DEA agent with PTSD returns home after a botched mission and must now protect his family from a home invasion after a recently freed convict and his henchmen come after their stash of millions inside of the agent's home.
Director:Asif Akbar
Stars:Mickey Rourke, Michael Jai White, Jeff Fahey, Brendan Fehr

Chief Daddy 2(2021)
Synopsis : 'Chief Daddy' tells the story of billionaire industrialist Chief Beecroft, a flamboyant benefactor to a large extended family of relatives, household staff, and assorted mistresses. Chief
Director:Niyi Akinmolayan
Stars:Aiyeola Bisola, Dakore Akande, Funke Akindele, Zainab Balogun

Four to Dinner (2022)
Synopsis : In this rom-com challenging the concept of soulmates, parallel storylines portray four single friends as they pair up in different couple combinations.
Director:Alessio Maria Federici
Stars:Ilenia Pastorelli, Matilde Gioli, Giuseppe Maggio, Matteo Martari

Time Is Up (2022)
Synopsis : An accident will force 'Vivien' and Royan to come to a stop and reclaim their lives, one minute at the time, and finally start living in a present that perhaps will prove to be more exciting than any predefined.
Director:Elisa Amoruso
Stars:Bella Thorne, Benjamin Mascolo, Sebastiano Pigazzi, Bonnie Baddoo

Nightshade (2022)
Synopsis : When a homicide detective's disturbing dreams reveal parallels to an ongoing investigation, he must do whatever it takes to discover his connection to the brutal killings.
Director:Landon Williams
Stars:Dina Meyer, Jason Patric, Lou Ferrigno Jr., Tim Russ

Safe Space (2022)
Synopsis : Lila and her autistic son Ian hide in a panic room and have to outsmart some intruders that would do anything to recover a video that Ian accidentally recorded of them breaking-in in a house and killing the homeowner.
Director:Boris Kodjoe
Stars:Mackenzie Astin, Monica Calhoun, Drea de Matteo, Junie Hoang

The Perfect Pairing (2022)
Synopsis : A food and wine critic who hits her head and loses her memory while accidentally visiting a winery she panned in the past, owned and operated by single dad Michael.
Director:Don McBrearty
Stars:Brennan Elliott, Zarina Rocha, Genelle Williams, Art Hindle

Cyrano (2021)
Synopsis : Too self-conscious to woo Roxanne himself, wordsmith Cyrano de Bergerac helps young Christian nab her heart through love letters.
Director:Joe Wright
Stars:Peter Dinklage, Haley Bennett, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Ben Mendelsohn

The King's Daughter (2022)
Synopsis : King Louis XIV's quest for immortality leads him to capture and steal a mermaid's life force, a move that is further complicated by his illegitimate daughter's discovery of the creature.
Director:Sean McNamara
Stars:Pierce Brosnan, William Hurt, Benjamin Walker, Kaya Scodelario

The Finellis Movie (2022)
Synopsis : Tony Finelli does a one-on-one exclusive interview with celebrity reporter Barbara Bischof for "Hollywood Hotline." During the course of the interview, Tony looks back at his extraordinarily eventful life.
Stars:
Yvonne Denner, Mark Janicello, Bianca Karsten

Outside (2022)
Synopsis : The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other.
Director:Francis Ford Coppola
Stars:C. Thomas Howell, Matt Dillon, Ralph Macchio, Patrick Swayze

Dogtown 2 (2022)
Synopsis : It's election time in Dogtown and longtime Mayor Jack Russel has his nose fixed on a fourth term. But Barney Lockjaw plots to take over the junkyard. Will Dogtown stop Barney Lockjaws before it's too late? Find out in Dogtown 2.
Director:Ryan Pollin
Stars:Todd Allen, Jonathon Carley, Jonathon Carley, Douglas Gaugard

Fishing for Love (2021)
Synopsis : When Kendall, a successful restaurant designer comes home to Mystic Bay for the annual Big Catch Festival, she finds herself in uncharted waters with town newcomer Zack. Is Kendall baited
Director:David Bercovici-Artieda
Stars:Reese Alexander, Andrea Brooks, Garry Chalk, Nhi Do

Try Harder! (2021)
Synopsis : Seniors at one the best public high schools in the country face the pressure of applying to elite colleges.
Director:Debbie Lum
Stars:Alvan Cai, Shealand Fairchild, Rachael Schmidt, Richard Shapiro

Echoes of the Past (2021)
Synopsis : A fictional drama inspired by true events, the "Massacre of Kalavryta" committed by invading German troops in December 1943. When the Greek government launches a multi-billion legal claim
Director:Nicholas Dimitropoulos
Stars:Max von Sydow, Astrid Roos, Danae Skiadi, Nikolas Papagiannis

The Runner (2022)
Synopsis : Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape.
Director:Wes Ball
Stars:Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Will Poulter, Thomas Brodie-Sangster

LOL Surprise(2021)
Synopsis : As a new year at school begins, Lola's heart is broken by her boyfriend, though soon she's surprised by her best friend, promising musician Kyle, who reveals his feelings for her.
Director:Lisa Azuelos
Stars:Miley Cyrus, Douglas Booth, Ashley Greene, Demi Moore

Fallen (2022)
Synopsis : Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war.
Director:Michael Bay
Stars:Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Tyrese Gibson

Shut In (2022)
Synopsis : When a young mother is barricaded inside a pantry by her violent ex-boyfriend, she must use ingenuity to protect her two small children from escalating danger while finding an escape.
Director:D.J. Caruso
Stars:Rainey Qualley, Jake Horowitz, Luciana VanDette, Vincent Gallo

Bigbug (2022)
Synopsis : A group of bickering suburbanites find themselves stuck together when an android uprising causes their well intentioned household robots to lock them in for their own safety.
Director:Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Stars:Isabelle Nanty, Elsa Zylberstein, Claude Perron, Stéphane De Groodt

Tall Girl 2 (2022)
Synopsis : After Jodi Kreyman gains popularity, her miscommunications start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to 'stand tall'.
Director:Emily Ting
Stars:Ava Michelle, Griffin Gluck, Sabrina Carpenter, Anjelika Washington

A Week In Paradise (2022)
Synopsis : An international film star's world collapses when her film director husband is outed by the paparazzi as having a baby with his new young leading lady. Seeking solace and healing, she escapes to a Caribbean boutique hotel resort.
Director:Philippe Martinez
Stars:Connie Nielsen, Malin Akerman, Philip Winchester, Jack Donnelly

Those Who Walk Away (2022)
Synopsis : After Max and Avery meet on a social media app for a first date, they end up at a haunted house only to realize the trauma they share may either save them or erupt into an unforgettable nightmare.
Director:Robert Rippberger
Stars:Booboo Stewart, Nils Allen Stewart, Scarlett Sperduto, Bryson JonSteele

Catch the Fair One (2022)
Synopsis : A former champion boxer embarks on the fight of her life when she goes in search of her missing sister.
Director:Josef Kubota Wladyka
Stars:Lisa Emery, Kimberly Guerrero, Kevin Dunn, Daniel Henshall

North of the 10 (2022)
Synopsis : Story of five friends struggling to succeed in Chicago's entertainment industry while one of them pursues an international romance with a wealthy young heiress
Director:Rhyan LaMarr
Stars:Mykelti Williamson, Stephanie Nur, Jaleel White, George Lopez

Indemnity (2022)
Synopsis : A Los Angeles insurance representative lets an alluring housewife seduce him into a scheme of insurance fraud and murder that arouses the suspicion of his colleague, an insurance investigator.
Director:Billy Wilder
Stars:Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Byron Barr

Supercool (2021)
Synopsis : Lifelong friends Neil and Gilbert's undeniable bond is tested to the limits when Neil makes a magical wish that comes true. With the assistance of Neil's charismatic neighbor, Jimmy, and Gilbert's wild ideas, Neil endures one epic night.
Director:Teppo Airaksinen
Stars:Jake Short, Miles J. Harvey, Damon Wayans Jr., Madison Davenport

The In Between (2022)
Synopsis : After surviving a car accident that took the life of her boyfriend, a teenage girl believes he's attempting to reconnect with her from the after world.
Director:Arie Posin
Stars:Joey King, Kyle Allen, Kim Dickens, John Ortiz

Cosmic Dawn (2022)
Synopsis : After witnessing the alien abduction of her mother as a child, Aurora joins the UFO cult "The Cosmic Dawn". Now moved on from the cult, Aurora is forced to confront her past and pursue the ultimate truth about The Cosmic Dawn.
Director:Jefferson Moneo
Stars:Camille Rowe, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Antonia Zegers, Joshua Burge

The Sky Is Everywhere (2022)
Synopsis : A shy, teenage musician tries to keep things together in the aftermath of her older, more outgoing sister's death.
Director:Josephine Decker
Stars:Grace Kaufman, Jacques Colimon, Cherry Jones, Jason Segel

Rooney (2022)
Synopsis : Plot kept under wrap.
Director:Luca Guadagnino
Star:Rooney Mara

Marry Me (2022)
Synopsis : Music superstars Kat Valdez and Bastian are getting married before a global audience of fans. But when Kat learns, seconds before her vows, that Bastian has been unfaithful, she decides to marry Charlie, a stranger in the crowd, instead.
Director:Kat Coiro
Stars:Jennifer Lopez, Owen Wilson, Maluma, John Bradley

I Want You Back (2022)
Synopsis : Newly dumped thirty-somethings Peter and Emma team up to sabotage their exes' new relationships and win them back for good.
Director:Jason Orley
Stars:Charlie Day, Jenny Slate, Scott Eastwood, Gina Rodriguez

Into the Wind (2022)
Synopsis : She graduated from a prestigious high school in Warsaw and entered medicine in London. He works as a kitesurfing instructor at the seaside, thanks to which he combines earning money and
Director:Kristoffer Rus
Stars:Sonia Mietielica, Jakub Sasak, Waleria Gorobets, Sebastian Dela

Kimi (2022)
Synopsis : Two strangers find themselves linked in a bizarre way. When a connection forms, will distance be the only thing to keep them apart?
Director:Makoto Shinkai
Stars:Ryûnosuke Kamiki, Mone Kamishiraishi, Ryô Narita, Aoi Yûki

Redeeming Love (2022)
Synopsis : Sold into prostitution as a child, Angel knows nothing but betrayal. Can her heart ever be mended? Based upon the novel by Francine Rivers.
Director:D.J. Caruso
Stars:Abigail Cowen, Tom Lewis, Eric Dane, Famke Janssen

Shapeless (2021)
Synopsis : Ivy, a struggling singer in New Orleans trapped in the hidden underworld of her eating disorder, must face her addiction - or risk becoming a monster.
Director:Samantha Aldana
Stars:Kelly Murtagh, Bobby Gilchrist, Jamie Neumann, Erika Ashley

The Wolf and the Lion (2021)
Synopsis : A wolf pup and a lost lion cub are rescued by a girl in the heart of the Canadian wilderness. Their friendship will change their lives forever.
Director:Gilles de Maistre
Stars:Molly Kunz, Graham Greene, Charlie Carrick, Derek Johns

The Privilege (2022)
Synopsis : A wealthy teen and his friends attending an elite private school uncover a dark conspiracy while looking into a series of strange supernatural events.
Directors:Felix Fuchssteiner,
|     Stars:Max Schimmelpfennig, Lea van Acken, Tijan Marei, Milena Tscharntke

Exorcist Vengeance (2022)
Synopsis : A tough priest with a troubled past is called to root out a murderous demon from a household of suspects.
Directors:Scott Jeffrey,
|     Stars:Robert Bronzi, Steven Berkoff, Simon Furness, Adrienne Grant

Just Swipe (2022)
Synopsis : Vanessa has always had trouble in the dating world, never mind now being confined to her home. She soon discovers just how much you can get away with dating via webcam, but is the love she feels true or only a distorted version of reality?
Director:Elizabeth Blake-Thomas
Stars:Jodie Sweetin, David Lipper, Danielle Perez, Alec Mapa

Set Secrets (2022)
Synopsis : An actress, Valentine Woodward, gets the opportunity of a lifetime when she co-stars alongside of rising star Jason Desmond. Valentine begins to feel uncomfortable on set due to Jason's
Director:Jerard McKinzie
Stars:Jesse Dwight Bingham, Nadine Bone, Troy Jackson, Patreice Manders

Miss Willoughby and the Haunted Bookshop (2022)
Synopsis : A University professor with an insatiable appetite for investigation is asked by some old family friends to investigate a series of hauntings at their antique bookstore.
Director:Brad Watson
Stars:Robert Adams, Louise Bangay, Cassandra Barnes, Ruth Clarson-Horrocks

Alter Ego (2021)
Synopsis : This is a story of a reclusive paranoia genius author who spends a night in his isolated mansion waiting for his creation to come and destroy him.
Director:Ezio Massa
Stars:Dylan Walsh, Steve Stanulis, Eric Roberts, Rodrigo Guirao Díaz

Alone with You (2022)
Synopsis : As a young woman painstakingly prepares a romantic homecoming for her girlfriend, their apartment begins to feel more like a tomb when voices, shadows, and hallucinations reveal a truth she has been unwilling to face.
Directors:Emily Bennett,
|     Stars:Emily Bennett, Barbara Crampton, Meghan Lane, Dora Madison

Super Turnt (2022)
Synopsis : Libaraiers "Rilla" Stanford, has just been released from prison and finds that his immediate world has changed, knowing that the dangers of the streets remain the same, his only mission it to take care of his 6yr old son, Kevin.
Director:Mann Robinson
Stars:Harry Lennix, Torrei Hart, Jamal Woolard, Patrice Fisher

Student Body (2022)
Synopsis : The semester has barely begun, and already the students of the Camella Swales School For Girls are bucking for extra credit. The race is on to the head fo the class, and these girls are
Director:Cybil Richards
Stars:Jacy Andrews, Chelsea Blue, Syren De Mer, Maya Divine

The Tiger Rising (2022)
Synopsis : A young boy discovers a caged tiger in the woods near his home.
Director:Ray Giarratana
Stars:Dennis Quaid, Katharine McPhee, Queen Latifah, Sam Trammell

The King's Man (2021)
Synopsis : In the early years of the 20th century, the Kingsman agency is formed to stand against a cabal plotting a war to wipe out millions.
Director:Matthew Vaughn
Stars:Ralph Fiennes, Gemma Arterton, Rhys Ifans, Harris Dickinson

Cut, Color, Murder (2022)
Synopsis : When a beauty pageant creator is found dead, a savvy hairdresser works with a new detective and risks everything to clear the names of those she loves.
Director:Stacey N. Harding
Stars:Julie Gonzalo, Ryan McPartlin, Eva Tamargo, Grace Beedie

The Other Me (2022)
Synopsis : An architect is diagnosed with a rare eye disease, entering him into a surreal reality in which he sees people's true motives. As the visions become intolerable, he falls for a mysterious
Director:Giga Agladze
Stars:Jim Sturgess, Andreja Pejic, Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Rhona Mitra

A Violent Man (2022)
Synopsis : Steve Mackleson is a dangerous prisoner, incarcerated for double murder in a maximum security prison. We follow, as he navigates his struggle against redemption the system and his inner
Director:Ross McCall
Stars:Craig Fairbrass, Stephen Odubola, Jason Flemyng, Ross McCall

Book of Love (2022)
Synopsis : Two writers thrown together on a book tour in Mexico.
Director:Analeine Cal y Mayor
Stars:Sam Claflin, Verónica Echegui, Fernando Becerril, Ruy Gaytan

American Underdog (2021)
Synopsis : The story of NFL MVP and Hall of Fame quarterback Kurt Warner, who went from stocking shelves at a supermarket to becoming an American Football star.
Directors:Andrew Erwin,
|     Stars:Zachary Levi, Anna Paquin, Hayden Zaller, Ser'Darius Blain

Last Survivors (2022)
Synopsis : A father and son, who have been living off grid for 20 years, encounter an outsider who threatens to destroy the utopia they've built.
Director:Drew Mylrea
Stars:Drew Van Acker, Alicia Silverstone, Stephen Moyer, Mark Famiglietti

Immanence (2022)
Synopsis : Radio astronomers discover a mysterious signal in the deep sea that could be contact with extraterrestrials. After several terrifying manifestations threaten their beliefs, the team must fight to survive the ultimate evil.
Director:Kerry Bellessa
Stars:Michael Beach, Jamie McShane, Eugene Byrd, Anthony Ruivivar

Slapface (2021)
Synopsis : A boy deals with the loss of his mother by creating a dangerous relationship with a monster rumored to live in the woods.
Director:Jeremiah Kipp
Stars:August Maturo, Mike Manning, Libe Barer, Mirabelle Lee

First Person Shooter (2022)
Synopsis : The creative head of a video game development company is close to releasing his newest game when a mysterious coder begins to hack his life - destroying everything he knows.
Director:Steven R. Monroe
Stars:Jacob Blair, Jeremy Walmsley, Danika Frederick, Stephanie Sy

Ghosts of the Ozarks (2022)
Synopsis : In post-Civil War Arkansas, a young doctor is mysteriously summoned to a remote town in the Ozarks only to discover that the utopian paradise is filled with secrets and surrounded by a menacing, supernatural presence.
Directors:Matt Glass,
|     Stars:Thomas Hobson, Phil Morris, Tara Perry, Tim Blake Nelson

Double Walker (2021)
Synopsis : A young woman's ghost investigates the mysterious events that led to her own murder.
Director:Colin West
Stars:Sylvie Mix, Justin Rose, Quinn Armstrong, Jacob Rice

A Playful Romance (2021)
Synopsis : A passionate theater director has to find a way to keep her theater from being sold by making this year's "A Christmas Carol" into the biggest success ever, and with the help of a handsome Hollywood actor, it may not be impossible.
Director:John Stimpson
Stars:Jamie Perez, Maureen Keiller, Caroline Portu, Robert Walsh

The Reunion (2022)
Synopsis : An unscripted Friends reunion special.
Directors:Russell Norman,
|     Stars:Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc

Nightmare Alley (2021)
Synopsis : An ambitious carny with a talent for manipulating people with a few well-chosen words hooks up with a female psychiatrist who is even more dangerous than he is.
Director:Guillermo del Toro
Stars:Bradley Cooper, Cate Blanchett, Toni Collette, Willem Dafoe

Moon Crash (2022)
Synopsis : A global steel company is working with an aerospace partner to extract lunar material. When a drilling accident causes a giant piece of the moon to break off, it goes on a collision course with Earth.
Director:Noah Luke
Stars:Jeremy London, Tyler Christopher, Jamison Jones, Pauline Egan

City of Vultures 2 (2022)
Synopsis : City of Vultures 2 picks up as a brash of murders engulfs the Chicago streets. Richard Steele (Marcus Carothers), commonly known as "G", positions himself as the centerpiece of criminal activity on the city's Southside.
Director:Marcus Carothers
Stars:Zamien 'Az-Is' Shearer, Julian T. Allen, Harper Anthony, Valaun Baldwin

They/Them/Us (2021)
Synopsis : Charlie and Lisa, two divorced parents in their 40's who find themselves at a midlife crossroads. Both are single parents and they have four complicated teenagers.
Director:Jon Sherman
Stars:Joey Slotnick, Amy Hargreaves, Jack Steiner, Shanna Strong

House of Gucci (2021)
Synopsis : When Patrizia Reggiani, an outsider from humble beginnings, marries into the Gucci family, her unbridled ambition begins to unravel their legacy and triggers a reckless spiral of betrayal, decadence, revenge, and ultimately
Director:Ridley Scott
Stars:Lady Gaga, Adam Driver, Al Pacino, Jeremy Irons

Werewolf Castle (2022)
Synopsis : Village boy Thorfinn accompanies a group of Knights on a dangerous quest to end a werewolf invasion.
Director:Charlie Steeds
Stars:Peter Lofsgard, Jay O'Connell, Greg Draven, Reece Connolly

Butlers in Love (2022)
Synopsis : Follows Emma and Henry, they train to become royal butlers where the competition is fierce and sparks fly.
Director:David Weaver
Stars:Stacey Farber, Corey Cott, Maxwell Caulfield, Manuela Sosa

Lotawana (2022)
Synopsis : A monotonous life has pushed the unfulfilled Forrest (Todd Blubaugh) to a voyage of self-discovery by living aboard his sailboat on an alluring, Missouri lake. Soon he catches wind of the
Director:Trevor Hawkins
Stars:Todd Blubaugh, Nicola Collie, Anita Cordell, Colleen Kirk

Evil at the Door (2022)
Synopsis : One night every year the world sees an alarming surge in violent home invasions. This is no coincidence.
Director:Kipp Tribble
Stars:Andrea Sweeney Blanco, Bruce Davison, Sunny Doench, Robert Felsted Jr.

Home Team (2022)
Synopsis : The story about New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton coaching his son's 6th grade football team, when Payton was suspended for the entire 2012 season as a result of his role in the Saints' Bountygate scandal.
Directors:Charles Kinnane,
|     Stars:Kevin James, Taylor Lautner, Rob Schneider, Jackie Sandler

The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild (2022)
Synopsis : The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild continues the escapades of the possum brothers Crash and Eddie who set out to find a place of their own. Together with the one-eyed weasel, Buck Wild, they face the dinosaurs who inhabit the Lost World.
Director:John C. Donkin
Stars:Utkarsh Ambudkar, Sean Kenin, Jake Green, Aaron Harris

Damon's Revenge (2022)
Synopsis : A group of young adults spend the weekend at a friend's house by the lake. Joined by the local sheriff, the group encounters an escaped convict Native American chief, a copycat killer and the return of the terrifying masked stalker, Damon.
Director:David Gere
Stars:Chelsea Vale, Tom Sizemore, Robert LaSardo, Michael Madsen

In the Forest (2022)
Synopsis : After a family camping trip turns horrific, a mother must fight to save her family from an angry landowner who's hiding a terrifying secret on his property.
Director:Hector Barron
Stars:Debbon Ayer, Lyman Ward, Cristina Spruell, Mathew Odette

Clean (2022)
Synopsis : Tormented by his past, a garbage man named Clean attempts a quiet life of redemption. But, soon finds himself forced to reconcile with the violence of his past.
Director:Paul Solet
Stars:Adrien Brody, Glenn Fleshler, Richie Merritt, Chandler DuPont

The Requin (2022)
Synopsis : A couple on a romantic getaway find themselves stranded at sea when a tropical storm sweeps away their villa. In order to survive, they are forced to fight the elements, while sharks circle below.
Director:Le-Van Kiet
Stars:Alicia Silverstone, James Tupper, Deirdre O'Connell, Danny Chung

Deadly House Call (2022)
Synopsis : A busy working mother hires a nurse to care for her wealthy father who has early onset dementia. Soon a bizarre deception creeps into play when the seductive nurse makes a play for the family fortune.
Director:Max McGuire
Stars:Sierra Wooldridge, Joanne Jansen, Neville Edwards, Sean Jones

Love in Aruba (2021)
Synopsis : Add a Plot
Director:Brian Brough
Stars:Sashleigha Hightower, David McConnell, Scarlett Hazen, Liz Christensen

The Ledge (2022)
Synopsis : A climber trapped on the face of a mountain fights off four killers stood on an overhanging ledge twenty feet above her.
Director:Howard J. Ford
Stars:Brittany Ashworth, Ben Lamb, Nathan Welsh, Louis Boyer

The Fallout (2022)
Synopsis : High schooler Vada navigates the emotional fallout she experiences in the wake of a school tragedy. Relationships with her family, friends and view of the world are forever altered.
Director:Megan Park
Stars:Jenna Ortega, Maddie Ziegler, Niles Fitch, Will Ropp

The 355 (2022)
Synopsis : When a top-secret weapon falls into mercenary hands, a wild card CIA agent joins forces with three international agents on a lethal mission to retrieve it, while staying a step ahead of a mysterious woman who's tracking their every move.
Director:Simon Kinberg
Stars:Jessica Chastain, Penélope Cruz, Bingbing Fan, Diane Kruger

Juniper (2021)
Synopsis : When a self-destructive teenager is suspended from school and asked to look after his feisty alcoholic grandmother as a punishment, the crazy time they spend together turns his life around.
Director:Matthew J. Saville
Stars:Charlotte Rampling, Marton Csokas, George Ferrier, Edith Poor

Baja Come Down (2021)
Synopsis : Charlie and Hannah can't say it out loud, but they both know their relationship is coming to an end. As a last ditch effort, the two head south with Hannah's cat, along the dusty coast of
Director:Anderson Matthew
Stars:Caitlin Michael Riley, Michelle Ortiz, Lou, Abel Ortega

Gold (2022)
Synopsis : When two men discover the biggest gold nugget ever found they must find a way to excavate it.
Director:Anthony Hayes
Stars:Zac Efron, Akuol Ngot, Thiik Biar, Andreas Sobik

Confession (2022)
Synopsis : One church, one priest, a wounded man and his loaded gun. An intense thriller played out in real time during one night where a vengeful confession must take place.
Director:David Beton
Stars:Colm Meaney, Stephen Moyer, Clare-Hope Ashitey, Kris Johnson

MICerz (2022)
Synopsis : 'MICerz' takes you into the wild, raw, and out-of-control world of underground stand-up comedy; As a rag-tag group of comics band together to try and save their hole-in-the wall open mic.
Director:Omar Dzlieri
Stars:Austin Torelli, Joe Manente, Dante Chang, Christopher Donnellon

Crosses (2021)
Synopsis : A "sexy, brilliant" Boston medical examiner. Despite a checkered career, Dr. Jordan Cavanaugh goes above and beyond to solve cases.
Stars:
Miguel Ferrer, Ravi Kapoor, Steve Valentine

Found Wandering Lost (2022)
Synopsis : With girlfriend pulled into his ambitions, Trent runs from contracted hit men as he slips into the deep back roads that crisscross the empty rolling plains. Along the way he stumbles upon Ben, a drifter who now calls these roads home.
Director:Nicholaus James
Stars:Eric Bowles, Dylan Brown, Jessi Burkette, Christie Courville

Tom and Jerry Cowboy Up! (2022)
Synopsis : The film finds the duo in the Wild West where they help save a ranch from the hands of a villain. The rivals team up to help a cowgirl and her brother save their homestead from a greedy land-grabber.
Director:Darrell Van Citters
Stars:George Ackles, Sean Burgos, Trevor Devall, Chris Edgerly

Birds Like Us (2022)
Synopsis : The story follows a group of birds on a journey where they try to find a better life for themselves and the ones they love.
Directors:Faruk Sabanovic,
|     Stars:Alicia Vikander, Sheridan Smith, Jeremy Irons, Jim Broadbent

Don't Forget I Love You (2022)
Synopsis : Follows Taylor, who opens a time capsule left by her deceased mother, which contains six envelopes, this will give her the push she needs in life and to help open her mind, and heart, to the possibility of love.
Director:Christie Will Wolf
Stars:Emilie Ullerup, Clayton James, Daphne Hoskins, Teagan Vincze

Definition Please (2021)
Synopsis : A former Scribbs Spelling Bee champion must reconcile with her estranged brother when he returns home to help care for their sick mother.
Director:Sujata Day
Stars:Katrina Bowden, Eugene Byrd, LeVar Burton, Lalaine

Heatwave (2022)
Synopsis : Claire, an ambitious young woman, starts working for a successful and rich businessman, but unknowingly gets involved in an affair with his wife.
Director:Ernie Barbarash
Stars:Kat Graham, Merritt Patterson, Sebastian Roché, Cardi Wong

Killer Ambition (2022)
Synopsis : Sylvia is an ambitious businesswoman and the owner of a successful jewelry company. However, strange things begin to happen to her when she joins a secret society for female entrepreneurs.
Director:Lindsay Hartley
Stars:Tahnee Harrison, Jonathan Stoddard, Sean Kanan, Shellie Sterling

In Passing (2022)
Synopsis : A young, melancholic musician falls in love with a French actress in New Zealand and is forced to face the weight of reality before he can begin the next chapter of his life.
Director:Joshua Prendeville
Stars:Arlo Green, Lydia Bensky, Layla Robinson, Ella Gilbert

Last Radio Call (2022)
Synopsis : On June 30th, 2018, Officer David Serling went missing inside an undisclosed abandoned hospital. Using his recovered body cam footage, his wife attempts to piece together what happened to him on that horrible night.
Director:Isaac Rodriguez
Stars:Sarah Froelich, Jason Scarbrough, June Griffin Garcia, Ali Alkhafaji

Amandla (2022)
Synopsis : Years after surviving a childhood tragedy, two brothers fall on opposing sides of the law as a gang-linked crime tests their loyalty to one another.
Director:Nerina De Jager
Stars:Lemogang Tsipa, Thabo Rametsi, Thabiso Masoti, Bahle Mashinini

A Shot Through the Wall (2022)
Synopsis : A Chinese-American police officer's life unravels after he accidentally shoots an innocent Black man. Facing trial, he wades through his guilt as he navigates the complicated worlds of media, justice, racial politics and his own morality.
Director:Aimee Long
Stars:Kenny Leu, Ciara Renée, Fiona Fu, Tzi Ma

The Laureate (2021)
Synopsis : A married couple on the brink of disillusion allows a stranger to live with them in their idyllic cottage. Will this stranger push their fragile state over the edge?
Director:William Nunez
Stars:Laura Haddock, Dianna Agron, Tom Hughes, Fra Fee

Regrets (2022)
Synopsis : In the later years of her life, as she's approaching the age of forty, the novelist Jane Austen helps her niece find a husband.
Director:Jeremy Lovering
Stars:Samuel Roukin, Olivia Williams, Greta Scacchi, Imogen Poots

Untangled (2022)
Synopsis : When an absence of communication reveals a love triangle, much more than lies come to light.
Director:Brandon Cornett
Stars:Jamal Woolard, Tory Monay, Kaylee Crossfire, Q. Davis Lea

He Belongs to Me (2021)
Synopsis : An overprotective mother will do anything to protect her son even if it means taking a life.
Director:Silk White
Stars:Kizra Deon, Joseph S James, Jehna Michelle, James Elwood Muller

Phony (2022)
Synopsis : A struggling filmmaker, unlucky in love, enlists the aid of a womanizing friend to create an exploitative documentary about online dating.
Director:David Bush
Stars:Shiree Adkins, Holly Bonney, David Bush, Sophia Dietzel

The Hunting (2021)
Synopsis : In this harrowing docuseries, a cruel conman masquerading as a British spy manipulates and steals from his victims, leaving ruined families in his wake.
Stars:
Stephen Corrall, Sophie Clifton, John Atkinson

Warhunt (2022)
Synopsis : A US Army plane flies over Germany's Black Forest in 1945. It's suddenly enveloped by a swarm of crow feathers. As the aircraft plummets toward the ground, the AIRMEN glimpse the feathers converging to form a MYSTERIOUS WOMAN IN BLACK.
Director:Mauro Borrelli
Stars:Mickey Rourke, Jackson Rathbone, Robert Knepper, Polina Pushkareva

The Royal Treatment (2022)
Synopsis : New York hairdresser Izzy seizes the chance to work at the wedding of a charming prince, but when sparks between them fly, will love or duty prevail?
Director:Rick Jacobson
Stars:Laura Marano, Peter Chin, Julie Edwards, Talia Lesser

The Last Thing Mary Saw (2021)
Synopsis : Winter, 1843. A young woman is under investigation following the mysterious death of her family's matriarch. Her recollection of the events sheds new light on the ageless forces behind the tragedy.
Director:Edoardo Vitaletti
Stars:Stefanie Scott, Daniel Pearce, Philip Hoffman, Matthew Stannah

Gulliver Returns (2021)
Synopsis : World traveler and adventurer Gulliver is invited to return to Lilliput, the town he previously saved from the enemy fleet of the neighboring Blefuscu. When he arrives, he only finds
Director:Ilya Maksimov
Stars:Tyler Bunch, Wayne Grayson, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Billy Bob Thompson

Raven (2022)
Synopsis : The owner of a successful video game design company and his troubled staff struggle to keep their hit game 'Mythic Quest' on top.
Stars:
F. Murray Abraham, Charlotte Nicdao, Ashly Burch

Gutter (2022)
Synopsis : Leo, Mathias, Jens and Herman were kings of High School. 8 years later they are still living together, and haven't done anything with their lives, except party, drink, and repeat. Society has left them behind, without them knowing it. Yet.
Stars:
Torjus Tveiten, Eirik Hvattum Bjørnstad, Jørgen Evensen

Borrelia Borealis (2021)
Synopsis : In a global pandemic, chronically ill Beth is forced to confront her personal demons in quarantine. When she answers a call from a mysterious man, an unlikely romance opens a lush, new cosmic world through astral projection.
Director:Kathryne Isabelle Easton
Stars:Kathryne Isabelle Easton, Anthony Goes, Jack Herholdt, Maiya Reaves

The Wrong Blind Date (2022)
Synopsis : After a recent divorce, Laura is encouraged to move on with an online dating service. She receives a message from someone who catches her attention, but her daughter grows suspicious and is determined to discover the truth.
Director:David DeCoteau
Stars:Vivica A. Fox, Meredith Thomas, Matthew Pohlkamp, Clark Moore

Half & Half (2022)
Synopsis : A hedonistic jingle writer's free-wheeling life comes to an abrupt halt when his brother and 10-year-old nephew move into his beach-front house.
Stars:
Ashton Kutcher, Angus T. Jones, Conchata Ferrell

Entropy (2022)
Synopsis : On the same day Abbey is diagnosed with ovarian cancer, she and her girlfriend, Miranda, are invited to dinner by Miranda's former self-help group to celebrate the return of their estranged
Director:Kameron Hale
Stars:Miranda Nieman, Hayley Sunshine, Scott Hale, William E Newton

Cosmic Radio (2021)
Synopsis : A 38-year-old California trust fund kid tries to save his independent radio station, KZMC Cosmic Radio, from financial ruin when his wealthy father pulls the plug.
Director:Stephen Savage
Stars:Jonathan Sachar, Irene Bedard, Rider Strong, Michael Madsen

Road to Perth (2021)
Synopsis : Rejected after a marriage proposal, Alex finds himself alone on a journey from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia, on what was supposed to be a happy vacation with his new fiancée. Stuck
Director:Chad Peter
Stars:Tommy O'Brien, Hannah Lehmann, Rachel Scott, Ellen Grimshaw

Ditched (2021)
Synopsis : After a routine prison transfer crashes in the forest, young Inuit paramedic Melina finds herself surrounded by murderers with a mere 100 feet to climb out of a ditch to escape.
Director:Christopher Donaldson
Stars:Marika Sila, Kris Loranger, Lee Lopez, Declan O'Reilly

Hanging on to Love (2022)
Synopsis : Jewel cannot catch a break in the love department these days-she is failing in everything from her clothing design business to finding love.
Director:Crystal Ellis
Stars:Niamo Batchelor, Kiana Beime, Shayla Cheatham, Ken Glover

Lot Lizards (2022)
Synopsis : This story is about four women who hustle gullible men on the streets of Memphis selling sex at truck stops. Angie is the bottom chick who is often beaten and sexually abuse by her Pimp
Director:Robert L. Parker III
Stars:Jason Anderson, Amika Carr, Latrice Franklin, Meagan Harper

Catwoman(2022)
Synopsis : A shy woman, endowed with the speed, reflexes, and senses of a cat, walks a thin line between criminal and hero, even as a detective doggedly pursues her, fascinated by both of her personas.
Director:Pitof
Stars:Halle Berry, Sharon Stone, Benjamin Bratt, Lambert Wilson

Dracula(2022)
Synopsis : The centuries old vampire Count Dracula comes to England to seduce his barrister Jonathan Harker's fiancée Mina Murray and inflict havoc in the foreign land.
Director:Francis Ford Coppola
Stars:Gary Oldman, Winona Ryder, Anthony Hopkins, Keanu Reeves

Popovich(2022)
Synopsis : Get ready for a fun-filled, fast-paced family comedy extravaganza. A modern take on slapstick comedy, POPOVICH: ROAD TO HOLLYWOOD features amazing circus stunts, intricate set-piece gags,
Directors:Gregory Popovich,
|     Stars:Gregory Popovich, Shannan Calcutt, Amos Glick, Carrie Gregory

Spider-Man(2021)
Synopsis : With Spider-Man's identity now revealed, Peter asks Doctor Strange for help. When a spell goes wrong, dangerous foes from other worlds start to appear, forcing Peter to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man.
Director:Jon Watts
Stars:Tom Holland, Zendaya, Benedict Cumberbatch, Jacob Batalon

AI Love You (2022)
Synopsis : A modern love story set in the near future where an AI building is powered by human feelings. Due to a software glitch, it falls in love with a real girl, escapes the building into the body of a real man, and tries to win her affections.
Directors:David Asavanond,
|     Stars:Pimchanok Leuwisetpaiboon, Mario Maurer, Sahajak Boonthanakit, David Asavanond

Reel Monsters (2022)
Synopsis : Four teens are swept into the adventure of a lifetime involving a legendary creature and a mystery from the past that will change their lives forever.
Director:Mark Polonia
Stars:Dawson Hilfiger, Nicholas Olson, Sophie Guss, Lucien Limberg

Apparitions (2021)
Synopsis : A couple is haunted by a supernatural presence that is unleashed during a college experiment.
Director:Todd Lincoln
Stars:Ashley Greene, Sebastian Stan, Tom Felton, Julianna Guill

The Souvenir(2021)
Synopsis : Bounty hunter Boba Fett & mercenary Fennec Shand navigate the underworld when they return to Tatooine to claim Jabba the Hutt's old turf.
Stars:
Ming-Na Wen, Frank Trigg, Collin Hymes

FLEE THE LIGHT (2022)
Synopsis : A psychology student attempts to cure her sister's crippling psychosis only to expose them both to its origin: an ancient creature intent on claiming their souls.
Director:Alexandra Senza
Stars:Annie Tuma, Ariana Marquis, Jamar Adams Thompson, Jane Siberry

Seize the Night (2022)
Synopsis : Over the course of one night, a whirlwind romance between a drug dealer and a mysterious singer takes them on a collision course with a dangerous mind-control drug through the Los Angeles underground scene.
Director:Gene Blalock
Stars:Nina Bergman, Trevor Torseth, Matt Miller, Jonathan Erickson Eisley

Here Before (2022)
Synopsis : When a new family moves in next door to Laura and her family, their young daughter, Megan, quickly captivates her, stirring up painful memories of her own daughter, Josie, who died several years previously.
Director:Stacey Gregg
Stars:Andrea Riseborough, Jonjo O'Neill, Niamh Dornan, Eileen O'Higgins

TQM (2022)
Synopsis : One of the most prestigious psychiatrists in Mexico decides to put her three children to the test to determine how to divide their inheritance. Everything gets complicated when one of her patients decides not to collaborate with them.
Director:Oren Stambouli
Stars:Gabriel Tarantini, Ana Carolina Grajales, Pablo Azar, Saraí Meza

Until We Meet Again (2022)
Synopsis : A woman discovers that her new house is inhabited by the ghost of a passionate young concert pianist who died tragically thirty-five years earlier.
Director:Pece Dingo
Stars:Jackson Rathbone, Janel Parrish, Michael Madsen, Leslie Jordan

Along Came Wanda (2021)
Synopsis : A memory jogged by a teapot from an old lover quickly turns into an adventure of discovery for Mary Beth Higgins and her new found friend Wanda as they hit the road in Wanda's RV/Soup Truck.
Director:Jan Miller Corran
Stars:Isabella Hofmann, Max Adler, Cathy DeBuono, Adam Huss

Harmony From The Heart (2022)
Synopsis : Follows a woman chasing her dream job, not without getting a difficult task from her professor, she realizes that she loves helping people and her heart begins to open.
Director:Michael Robison
Stars:Linden McMillan, Christie Burke, Jesse Moss, Susan Hogan

Old Flames Never Die (2022)
Synopsis : When successful novelist Kira Young (Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe) returns to her hometown to escape bad press after her cheating fiancé Tyson (Rich Paul) is accused of murder, she rekindles a
Director:Jake Helgren
Stars:Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe, Lou Ferrigno Jr., Rich Paul, Whitney Able

Line Sisters (2022)
Synopsis : Four sorority sisters reunite at a Black Greek Weekend celebration. But the past comes knocking on their door and strange and inexplicable things begin to happen, threatening to unearth the deadly secret that may tear them apart.
Director:Tailiah Breon
Stars:LeToya Luckett-Walker, Kierra Sheard-Kelly, Drew Sidora, Ta'Rhonda Jones

Bae Wolf (2022)
Synopsis : In the year 500 A.D., a jealous, decapitating monster terrorizes the drunken revelers of Heorot. A fearless princess goes in search of a hero who can save her people. But that hero guards a secret more dangerous than any monster.
Director:David Axe
Stars:Mike Amason, Antonia Anderson, Santiago Azpurua-Borras, Aaron Blomberg

Collide (2022)
Synopsis : Based on the 2014 romance novel of the same name, this follows the love life of two young adults.
Director:Roger Kumble
Stars:Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Dylan Sprouse, Louise Lombard

Non-Disclosure (2022)
Synopsis : A new comer to a company climbs the corporate ladder very quickly, but pays a cost behind closed doors to get there.
Director:Nelson J. Davis
Stars:Donte Alston, Nelson J. Davis, Caranita Harrelson, Michelle Harts

The Contrast (2022)
Synopsis : At a quaint Bed and Breakfast, Maria is about to marry her longtime beau - the smooth talking, hipster Dimple, when her Maid-of-Honor's brother, Colonel Henry Manly, stops by to help set up
Directors:Sean Dube,
|     Stars:Lance E. Nichols, Chip Carriere, Anton David Jeftha, Deanna Rashell

Mortal Kombat Legends: Battle of the Realms (2021)
Synopsis : The Earthrealm heroes must journey to Outworld and fight for the survival of their homeland, invaded by the forces of evil warlord Shao Kahn, in the tournament to end all tournaments: the final Mortal Kombat.
Director:Ethan Spaulding
Stars:Jennifer Carpenter, Joel McHale, Ike Amadi, Artt Butler

Good Old Friends (2021)
Synopsis : Three good old friends reunite in Berlin for a party. It becomes apparent how much their lives have changed in just 5 years. A harmless prank ends in murder and the other two are left scrambling for a plan to dispose of their friend's body
Directors:Peter Kondra,
|     Stars:Peter Kondra, Andrej Vickers, Mikael Schallock, Marie Céline Yildirim

Vacation Friends (2021)
Synopsis : A couple meets up with another couple while on vacation in Mexico, but their friendship takes an awkward turn when they get back home.
Director:Clay Tarver
Stars:Lil Rel Howery, Yvonne Orji, John Cena, Meredith Hagner

Monster Hunter: Legends of the Guild (2021)
Synopsis : In a world where humans and fearsome monsters live in an uneasy balance, young hunter Aiden fights to save his village from destruction by a dragon.
Director:Steve Yamamoto
Stars:Dante Basco, Erica Lindbeck, Brando Eaton, Karen Strassman

How It Ends (2021)
Synopsis : In the midst of an apocalypse, a man struggles to reach his pregnant wife, who is thousands of miles away.
Director:David M. Rosenthal
Stars:Theo James, Kat Graham, Nancy Sorel, Nicole Ari Parker

After The End (2020)
Synopsis : The world has been left in ruins following the outbreak of a terrifying disease. Deep in the Australian countryside, a group of survivors are locked in a constant struggle to stay alive.
Director:Helen McFarlane
Stars:Jasper Bagg, Lee Beckhurst, Nick Cain, Amelia Corneby

Ascendant (2021)
Synopsis : A young woman discovers her destiny as an heiress of intergalactic nobility and must fight to protect the inhabitants of Earth from an ancient and destructive industry.
Directors:Lana Wachowski,
|     Stars:Channing Tatum, Mila Kunis, Eddie Redmayne, Sean Bean

Dark Spell (2021)
Synopsis : A scorned woman uses black magic to try to get her husband back, with deadly consequences.
Director:Svyatoslav Podgaevskiy
Stars:Yana Yenzhayeva, Konstantin Beloshapka, Ilya Yermolov, Nikita Yuranov

Dynasty Warriors (2021)
Synopsis : This movie is adapted from a video game of the same title. The story is set in the turbulent late Eastern Han Dynasty. Ambitious Dong Zhuo controls the court and the commonalty, and heroes from all over the country begin to rise.
Director:Roy Hin Yeung Chow
Stars:Louis Koo, Kai Wang, Ray Lui, Justin Cheung

Summer Days
Synopsis : A high school grad and a hooker-in-training try to track down his stolen Corvette.
Director:Matthew Robbins
Stars:Mark Hamill, Annie Potts, Eugene Roche, William Bryant

Take Back the Night (2021)
Synopsis : Finding herself the victim of a violent monster attack, Jane launches a vigilante campaign to hunt the beast that tried to kill her. Jane's efforts intensify, but her troubling history of
Director:Gia Elliot
Stars:Emma Fitzpatrick, Angela Gulner, Jennifer Lafleur, Sibongile Mlambo

The Witcher: Nightmare of the Wolf (2021)
Synopsis : Escaping from poverty to become a witcher, Vesemir slays monsters for coin and glory, but when a new menace rises, he must face the demons of his past.
Director:Kwang Il Han
Stars:Theo James, Mary McDonnell, Lara Pulver, Graham McTavish

The Green Knight (2021)
Synopsis : A fantasy retelling of the medieval story of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight.
Director:David Lowery
Stars:Dev Patel, Alicia Vikander, Joel Edgerton, Sarita Choudhury

Night Drive (2021)
Synopsis : A ride share driver's life is turned upside down after an unexpected series of misfortunes.
Directors:Brad Baruh,
|     Stars:AJ Bowen, Sophie Dalah, Scott Poythress, Lamar Bell

Midnight in the Switchgrass (2021)
Synopsis : An FBI agent and Florida State officer team up to investigate a string of unsolved murder cases.
Director:Randall Emmett
Stars:Emile Hirsch, Megan Fox, Bruce Willis, Lukas Haas

Killer Cheer Mom (2021)
Synopsis : Riley, who is new in town, tries out for the cheer squad, but as her changes get better, she notices some cheerleaders are suspiciously expelled or injured, and she wonders if her stepmom is doing whatever it takes to get her on the team.
Director:Randy Carter
Stars:Denise Richards, Thomas Calabro, Courtney Fulk, Jay Jay Warren

The Santa Stakeout (2021)
Synopsis : Tanya, a police detective who is partnered with fellow detective Ryan to solve a recent string of heists. They go undercover as newlyweds, moving into the vacant house next to Mr. Miller, the prime suspect in the case.
Director:Peter Benson
Stars:Tamera Mowry-Housley, Paul Campbell, Joe Pantoliano, Peter Bryant

Christmas on the Carousel (2021)
Synopsis : Four lifelong friends convene over winter break for their last Christmas at home together.
Director:Erik Bloomquist
Stars:Erik Bloomquist, Madeleine Dauer, Taylor Turner, Rachel Oremland

Christmas Collision (2021)
Synopsis : Theodora, a time consumed professional crosses paths with Charlie, a writer, when she travels to his hometown for business just before Christmas. Both are taken by surprise when unexpected circumstances present themselves.
Director:Lana Read
Stars:Sebrina Scott, Alyssa Ryan, Vernon Wells, Eric Six

Christmas Freak (2021)
Synopsis : Christmas comes just once a year. But for Rudy, every day is Christmas. And every day is perfect. Because Christmas is perfect. At least that's what Rudy tells himself.
Director:Sean Brown
Stars:Sean Marlow, Amy Hagan, David Drumgold, Gemma Bulos

Uploaded (2021)
Synopsis : A man is able to choose his own afterlife after his untimely death, by having his consciousness uploaded into a virtual world. As he gets used to his new life and befriends his angel (real world handler), questions about his death arise.
Stars:
Robbie Amell, Owen Daniels, Andy Allo

The J Team (2021)
Synopsis : JoJo is kicked out of her dance troupe and finds out what dancing truly is.
Director:Michael Lembeck
Stars:JoJo Siwa, Tisha Campbell, Laura Soltis, Kiara T. Romero

The Madness Inside Me (2020)
Synopsis : A forensic psychiatrist's husband is killed during a home invasion, but instead of identifying the killer, she recants. She stalks the newly released psychopath, deciding whether she wants to kill him, sleep with him, or try to know him.
Director:Matthew Berkowitz
Stars:Merrin Dungey, Devon Graye, Jennifer Gelfer, Scotty Tovar

Saving Paradise (2021)
Synopsis : A ruthless corporate raider is forced to return to his small town roots where he suddenly inherits his father's nearly bankrupt pencil factory. He must decide to either let it close, or join the community's fight to save it.
Director:Jay Silverman
Stars:William Moseley, Johanna Braddy, Mimi Kennedy, Shashawnee Hall

Worth (2021)
Synopsis : An attorney in Washington D.C. battles against cynicism, bureaucracy and politics to help the victims of 9/11.
Director:Sara Colangelo
Stars:Michael Keaton, Amy Ryan, Stanley Tucci, Tate Donovan

Yakuza Princess (2021)
Synopsis : The heiress to half of the Yakuza crime syndicate forges an uneasy alliance with an amnesiac stranger who believes an ancient sword binds their two fates. She must unleash war against the other half of the syndicate who wants her dead.
Director:Vicente Amorim
Stars:MASUMI, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Tsuyoshi Ihara, Eijiro Ozaki

Karen (2021)
Synopsis : Karen attempts to displace the new Black family that moved into the neighborhood, but they won't back down without a fight.
Director:Coke Daniels
Stars:Taryn Manning, Cory Hardrict, Jasmine Burke, Roger Dorman

Hands Up (2021)
Synopsis : After his cousin is shot and killed by a white police officer in Chicago and Black Lives Matter protests spread across the city, a black inner city teen desperately fights for a way out of the most notorious murder capital of America.
Director:Chuck Whitman
Stars:Jermaine Johnson, Jamal Woolard, LaRoyce Hawkins, Kris D. Lofton

We Need to Do Something (2021)
Synopsis : After Melissa and her family seek shelter from a storm, they become trapped. With no sign of rescue, Melissa comes to realize that she and her girlfriend Amy might have something to do with the horrors that threaten her family.
Director:Sean King O'Grady
Stars:Sierra McCormick, Vinessa Shaw, Pat Healy, Lisette Alexis

Church People (2021)
Synopsis : A heartfelt and laugh-out-loud comedy film, Church People is the story of real people with real struggles and their unique paths to discovering what faith in Jesus is all about. It all
Director:Christopher Shawn Shaw
Stars:Thor Ramsey, Erin Cahill, Michael Monks, Joey Fatone

Burial Ground Massacre (2021)
Synopsis : A group of college students spend a night at an old, eerie manor, only to realize that a terrifying stalker is watching their every move as he begins plans to repossess an ancient Native American artifact located inside.
Directors:Daniel Dahlstrom,
|     Stars:Michael Madsen, Chelsea Vale, Vinny Marseglia, Chris Whitcomb

Ted Bundy American Boogeyman (2021)
Synopsis : The intrepid FBI agents Kathleen McChesney and Robert Ressler, organize one of the largest manhunt in history to apprehend America's most infamous serial killer, Ted Bundy.
Director:Daniel Farrands
Stars:Chad Michael Murray, Holland Roden, Jake Hays, Lin Shaye

Zone 414 (2021)
Synopsis : Set in the near future, private detective David Carmichael is hired by Marlon Veidt, an eccentric businessman, to track down his missing daughter. David teams up with Jane, a highly advanced A.I. to solve the mystery.
Director:Andrew Baird
Stars:Guy Pearce, Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz, Jonathan Aris, Colin Salmon

Cinderella (2021)
Synopsis : When her father unexpectedly dies, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her scheming stepsisters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger.
Director:Kenneth Branagh
Stars:Lily James, Cate Blanchett, Richard Madden, Helena Bonham Carter

It Takes Three (2021)
Synopsis : When the coolest guy in school discovers that the new girl sees through his popularity and good looks, he enlists the class nerd to take over his social media accounts to add substance to his style.
Director:Scott Coffey
Stars:Jared Gilman, David Gridley, Aurora Perrineau, Mikey Madison

Plan A (2021)
Synopsis : Three blue-collar acquaintances come across millions of dollars in lost cash and make a plan to keep their find from the authorities, but it isn't long before complications and mistrust weave their way into the plan.
Director:Sam Raimi
Stars:Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Bridget Fonda, Brent Briscoe

Small City (2021)
Synopsis : A young street hustler from London and a drugs mule from Europe form an unlikely bond after a violent confrontation with a neighbourhood heavy.
Directors:Georgie Curran,
|     Stars:Eddie Thompson, Isabella Nefar, Yasen Atour, Mitchell Hunt

Vivandiere (2021)
Synopsis : Two young women from both sides of the Civil War volunteer as battlefield nurses, facing down scornful commanders and murderous war criminals to accomplish their hazardous duty.
Director:James R. Temple
Stars:Robin Black, Mikyla Bordner, Dallan Starks

Don't Breathe 2 (2021)
Synopsis : The sequel is set in the years following the initial deadly home invasion, where Norman Nordstrom (Stephen Lang) lives in quiet solace until his past sins catch up to him.
Director:Rodo Sayagues
Stars:Stephen Lang, Madelyn Grace, Brendan Sexton III, Adam Young

Afterlife of the Party (2021)
Synopsis : A social butterfly who dies during her birthday week is given a second chance to right her wrongs on Earth.
Director:Stephen Herek
Stars:Victoria Justice, Midori Francis, Robyn Scott, Adam Garcia

Man vs. Bigfoot (2021)
Synopsis : After his brother goes missing on a hiking trail, Jack Rollins goes in search of him but in doing so, Jack soon finds himself in a game of cat and mouse with a creature thought only to be legend.
Director:David D. Ford
Stars:David D. Ford, Bob Gimlin, Theresa Mills, Timothy Eason

Escape From Area 51 (2021)
Synopsis : Sheera, a sexy alien warrior uses a power glitch to escape from captivity at Area 51. Now she must elude her enemies to rescue Kyra, her fellow warrior, and find her way home.
Director:Eric Mittleman
Stars:Donna D'Errico, Chris Browning, Sarah Schueler, Caleb Thomas

Baby Money (2021)
Synopsis : When a home invasion turns into a bloody shoot-out, a pair of ragtag fugitives take refuge in the house of a single mother as they wait on their fiery (and very pregnant) getaway driver to hatch an escape plan in time for a major payday.
Directors:Mikhael Bassilli,
|     Stars:Danay Garcia, Taja V. Simpson, Michael Drayer, Joey Kern

Live or Let Die (2021)
Synopsis : Through an outbreak of a virus the human race has come near to extinction. Lone wolf Nick and reckless John wander through the destroyed land following a map, their last chance for hope to a safer sanctuary.
Director:Manuel Urbaneck
Stars:Jan Bohlenschmidt, Manuel Urbaneck, Steven Mooers, Alona Hertha

Outlaw's Buckle (2021)
Synopsis : During a terrible storm, a serial killer wreaks havoc inside of a Texas prison.
Director:Brett Bentman
Stars:Thom Hallum, Rachel G. Whittle, Andy Arrasmith, Tiffany McDonald

Megalodon Rising (2021)
Synopsis : When history's greatest aquatic predator returns, the armada of modern warships sent to destroy it has no chance at all.
Director:Brian Nowak
Stars:Tom Sizemore, Wynter Eddins, O'Shay Neal, Isidoro Perez

Superhost (2021)
Synopsis : With their follower count dwindling, travel vloggers Teddy and Claire pivot to creating viral content around their most recent "superhost," Rebecca, who wants more from the duo than a great review.
Director:Brandon Christensen
Stars:Sara Canning, Osric Chau, Gracie Gillam, Barbara Crampton

Wired Shut (2021)
Synopsis : A disillusioned famous novelist, unable to talk while recovering in his remote mountain home from major reconstructive jaw surgery, is exposed to a life-threatening secret when he receives an unexpected visit from his estranged daughter.
Director:Alexander Sharp
Stars:Blake Stadel, Natalie Sharp, Behtash Fazlali

Give Up the Ghost (2021)
Synopsis : A day player from James Cameron's "Titanic," joins a group of famous actors as they go on a search for a secret treasure vault in the doomed luxury liner, Titanic.



The Last House on the Street (2021)
Synopsis : After being released from prison, a young gangster with a chip on his shoulder decides to punish society by making snuff films.
Director:Roger Watkins
Stars:Roger Watkins, Ken Fisher, Bill Schlageter, Kathy Curtin

Sweet Pecan Summer (2021)
Synopsis : Sparks fly between a woman and her ex-boyfriend as they work together, to sell her aunt's pecan farm.
Director:Dustin Rikert
Stars:Christine Ko, Wes Brown, Lauren Tom, Chase Ramsey

Danger in the Spotlight (2021)
Synopsis : A single mom and recovering alcoholic becomes the caretaker to a woman she may or may not have paralyzed in a drunk driving accident.
Director:David Martín Porras
Stars:Jessica Morris, Anna Marie Dobbins, Alivea Disney, Harper Holmes

Spoken (2021)
Synopsis : A young Christian girl and her friends are vulnerable to demonic attack because of words spoken in their everyday conversations.
Director:Tenill Ransom
Stars:Ryan Paynter, Steven Serbones, Chelsea Skalski, Keely Dervin

12 Mighty Orphans (2021)
Synopsis : Haunted by his mysterious past, a devoted high school football coach leads a scrawny team of orphans to the state championship during the Great Depression and inspires a broken nation along the way.
Director:Ty Roberts
Stars:Luke Wilson, Vinessa Shaw, Wayne Knight, Martin Sheen

The Gateway (2021)
Synopsis : A social worker assigned to the care of the daughter of a single mother intervenes when the dad returns from prison and lures them into a life of crime.
Director:Michele Civetta
Stars:Shea Whigham, Olivia Munn, Zach Avery, Bruce Dern

Respect (2021)
Synopsis : Following the rise of Aretha Franklin's career from a child singing in her father's church's choir to her international superstardom, RESPECT is the remarkable true story of the music icon's journey to find her voice.
Director:Liesl Tommy
Stars:Jennifer Hudson, Forest Whitaker, Marlon Wayans, Tituss Burgess

Summertime (2020)
Synopsis : A young woman moves from the French countryside to Paris and begins a passionate love affair with a feminist leader in this drama set in 1970s France.
Director:Catherine Corsini
Stars:Cécile de France, Izïa Higelin, Noémie Lvovsky, Jean-Henri Compère

Defining Moments (2021)
Synopsis : Defining Moments is a highly comedic film about that one single moment in time that changes you from who you were to who you'll be.
Director:Stephen Wallis
Stars:Burt Reynolds, Sienna Guillory, Tammy Blanchard, Eric Peterson

He's All That (2021)
Synopsis : A teenage girl sets out to give a nebbish classmate the ultimate high school makeover. An updated remake of the 1999 film, 'She's All That'.
Director:Mark Waters
Stars:Addison Rae, Tanner Buchanan, Madison Pettis, Rachael Leigh Cook

The Stairs (2021)
Synopsis : Two adults and a juvenile break into a house occupied by a brother and sister and their stolen children. There, they must fight for their lives.
Director:Wes Craven
Stars:Brandon Quintin Adams, Everett McGill, Wendy Robie, A.J. Langer

Rushed (2021)
Synopsis : The merciless 1970s rivalry between Formula One rivals James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
Director:Ron Howard
Stars:Daniel Brühl, Chris Hemsworth, Olivia Wilde, Alexandra Maria Lara

The Protege (2021)
Synopsis : Rescued as a child by the legendary assassin Moody, Anna is the world's most skilled contract killer. However, when Moody is brutally killed, she vows revenge for the man who taught her everything she knows.
Director:Martin Campbell
Stars:Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, Samuel L. Jackson, David Rintoul

Mosquito State (2020)
Synopsis : Wall Street data analyst Richard Boca sees ominous patterns: His computer models are behaving erratically, as are the swarms of mosquitos breeding in his apartment, an infestation that attends his psychological meltdown.
Director:Filip Jan Rymsza
Stars:Beau Knapp, Charlotte Vega, Jack Kesy, Olivier Martinez

His Stretch of Texas Ground (2021)
Synopsis : A monstrous crime occurs in Arlettsville that shatters Sheriff Joe Haladin and his family. But then, on the very same day, another tsunami hits. Stars Jeff Weber as Sheriff Joe Haladin.
Director:Ralph Cinque
Stars:Jeff Weber, George Welder, Jeff Caperton, Hailley Lauren

Jurassic Shark 2: Aquapocalypse (2021)
Synopsis : A ferocious, prehistoric Megalodon has returned to the surface, terrorizing a group of oil rig workers and members of a local fishing village.
Director:Mark Polonia
Stars:Jeff Kirkendall, James Carolus, Jamie Morgan, Tim Hatch

About Pie (2021)
Synopsis : A young man's love of pie fuels a series of misadventures in modern romance.
Director:Joshua M. Lester
Stars:Joshua M. Lester, Skye LaFontaine, Greg Hirshland, Sam Anker

The Old Ways (2020)
Synopsis : An old gunslinger and his daughter must face the consequences of his past, when the son of a man he murdered years ago arrives to take his revenge.
Director:Brett Donowho
Stars:Nicolas Cage, Ryan Kiera Armstrong, Clint Howard, Nick Searcy

Love Upstream (2021)
Synopsis : Author Charlotte, a Chicago city girl heads to the wilderness of Minnesota to write her new book. Her guide, Rob, doubts Charlotte's skills. However, they realize they have more in common than not - and find themselves falling in love.
Director:Bill Corcoran
Stars:Kimberly-Sue Murray, Steve Lund, Nadine Whiteman Roden, Jeff Teravainen

The Girl in Cabin 13 (2021)
Synopsis : A young couple must fight for their lives in a remote cabin when three masked men appear outside their door at night.
Director:Brendan Rudnicki
Stars:Dylan DeVane, Brent Downs, Reggie Johnson, Stuart Maxheimer

The Forever Room (2021)
Synopsis : Claire wakes one day to find herself chained in a basement. Her horror is amplified when she discovers that her captor is her own mother. Finding herself between reality and insanity, and ultimately forced to face a dark truth.
Director:Kevin Hicks
Stars:Samantha Valletta, Kevin Hicks, Vickie Hicks, Christopher Hicks

Broken Diamonds (2021)
Synopsis : In the wake of his father's death, a twenty-something writer sees his dream of moving to Paris put in jeopardy when he's forced to temporarily take in his wildly unpredictable, mentally ill sister.
Director:Peter Sattler
Stars:Ben Platt, Yvette Nicole Brown, Lynda Boyd, Lola Kirke

Paper Tiger (2020)
Synopsis : Three Kung Fu prodigies have grown into washed-up, middle-aged men, now one kick away from pulling their hamstrings. But when their master is murdered, they must juggle their dead-end jobs, dad duties, and old grudges to avenge his death.
Director:Quoc Bao Tran
Stars:Yuji Okumoto, Ron Yuan, Matthew Page, Andy Le

After Love (2021)
Synopsis : Set in the port town of Dover, Mary Hussain suddenly finds herself a widow following the unexpected death of her husband. A day after the burial, she discovers he has a secret just twenty-one miles across the English Channel in Calais.
Director:Aleem Khan
Stars:Joanna Scanlan, Nathalie Richard, Talid Ariss, Nasser Memarzia

Echoes of Violence (2021)
Synopsis : An immigrant travels from Sedona to Los Angeles to seek revenge against the immigration lawyer who ruined her life.
Director:Nicholas Woods
Stars:Michaella Russell, Heston Horwin, Chase Cargill, Taylor Flowers

The Show (2021)
Synopsis : An inside look at the lives of the people who help America wake up in the morning, exploring the unique challenges faced by the men and women who carry out this daily televised ritual.
Stars:
Reese Witherspoon, Billy Crudup, Mark Duplass

It Came from Below (2021)
Synopsis : A group of friends find themselves hunted down in the caves by a creature
Director:Dan Allen
Stars:Megan Purvis, Tara MacGowran, Becca Hirani, Georgie Banks

Stoker Hills (2020)
Synopsis : Three college students filming a horror movie find themselves trapped in their own worst nightmare. Their only hope for survival is two detectives who find the camera they left behind.
Director:Benjamin Louis
Stars:Tony Todd, Steffani Brass, David Gridley, Vince Hill-Bedford

The Wild Man Skunk Ape (2021)
Synopsis : The skunk ape, also known as the Florida Bigfoot has been rumored to be responsible for several murders in South Florida. A documentary crew sets out to uncover the truth.
Director:Ryan Justice
Stars:Lauren Crandall, Julian Green, Mike Reed, David E. McMahon

Past Shadows (2021)
Synopsis : A forensic psychiatrist decides to change work. Days before leaving, a case of 5 shot on a Copenhagen city bus might involve an old patient of his. Other murders follow. He can't stop before the case is solved.
Director:Birger Larsen
Stars:Laura Bach, Jakob Cedergren, Lars Mikkelsen, Simon Kvamm

Holiday Monday (2021)
Synopsis : Two men are hired to protect a man who is fleeing a drug syndicate. The initial meeting turns into chaos and with a dead body, briefcase of stolen money and an assassin on their tail, Nick
Director:Nathan Shepka
Stars:Kayla Caldwell, Nathan Shepka, Colin MacDougall, Pauly McCluskey

Poster Boys (2020)
Synopsis : With the help of his smart ass kid nephew, broke Al Clancy steals a camper-van and heads on a cross country road trip to finally get his life together.
Director:Dave Minogue
Stars:Trevor O'Connell, Ryan Minogue-Lee, Norma Sheahan, Amy Hughes

Jurassic Hunt (2021)
Synopsis : Female adventurer Parker joins a crew of male trophy hunters in a remote wilderness park. Their goal: slaughter genetically recreated dinosaurs for sport using rifles, arrows, and grenades.
Director:Hank Braxtan
Stars:Courtney Loggins, Ruben Pla, Tarkan Dospil, Joston Theney

A Little Daytime Drama (2021)
Synopsis : In order to save her daytime soap drama from cancellation, head writer Maggie must convince Darin (her real-life ex-boyfriend) to return to the show.
Director:Heather Hawthorn Doyle
Stars:Jen Lilley, Ryan Paevey, Linda Dano, Brittany Mitchell

The War of the Worlds 2021 (2021)
Synopsis : Some say right-wing media has no bottom. But ALIENS! REALLY??! This can't be real.
Director:Matthew Cooke
Stars:Matthew Cooke, Martin Starr, Darlene Tejeiro, Steven Weber

Extinct (2021)
Synopsis : When humanity allies with a bounty hunter in pursuit of Optimus Prime, the Autobots turn to a mechanic and his family for help.
Director:Michael Bay
Stars:Mark Wahlberg, Nicola Peltz, Jack Reynor, Stanley Tucci

The Loud House Movie (2021)
Synopsis : With his parents and all 10 sisters in tow, Lincoln Loud heads to Scotland and learns that royalty runs in the family in this global musical journey.
Director:Dave Needham
Stars:Asher Bishop, David Tennant, Michelle Gomez, Jill Talley

Reminiscence (2021)
Synopsis : Nick Bannister, a private investigator of the mind, navigates the alluring world of the past when his life is changed by new client Mae. A simple case becomes an obsession after she disappears and he fights to learn the truth about her.
Director:Lisa Joy
Stars:Hugh Jackman, Rebecca Ferguson, Thandiwe Newton, Cliff Curtis

Sweet Girl (2021)
Synopsis : A devastated husband vows to bring justice to the people responsible for his wife's death while protecting the only family he has left, his daughter.
Director:Brian Andrew Mendoza
Stars:Jason Momoa, Isabela Merced, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Adria Arjona

Risen (2021)
Synopsis : In 33 AD, a Roman Tribune in Judea is tasked to find the missing body of Jesus Christ, who rose from the dead.
Director:Kevin Reynolds
Stars:Joseph Fiennes, Tom Felton, Peter Firth, Cliff Curtis

Annette (2021)
Synopsis : A stand-up comedian and his opera singer wife have a two-year-old daughter with a surprising gift.
Director:Leos Carax
Stars:Adam Driver, Marion Cotillard, Simon Helberg, Devyn McDowell

The Girl Who Got Away (2021)
Synopsis : A female serial killer escapes from prison to go after the one victim that got away.
Director:Michael Morrissey
Stars:Kaye Tuckerman, Timothy J. Alex, Eddie Beveridge, Aubin Bradley

Demonic (2021)
Synopsis : A family is attacked by demons and only two members survive - Tanjiro and his sister Nezuko, who is turning into a demon slowly. Tanjiro sets out to become a demon slayer to avenge his family and cure his sister.
Stars:
Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Hiro Shimono, Akari Kitô

PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021)
Synopsis : Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos.
Director:Cal Brunker
Stars:Tyler Perry, Ron Pardo, Will Brisbin, Kingsley Marshall

Stillwater (2021)
Synopsis : A father travels from Oklahoma to France to help his estranged daughter, who is in prison for a murder she claims she didn't commit.
Director:Tom McCarthy
Stars:Matt Damon, Camille Cottin, Abigail Breslin, Lilou Siauvaud

Blood Conscious (2021)
Synopsis : A vacationing family turns the tables on a mass shooter who claims to be fighting demonic forces.
Director:Timothy Covell
Stars:Oghenero Gbaje, DeShawn White, Lenny Thomas, Lori Hammel

Bearry (2021)
Synopsis : In order to cheer up recently divorced Chloe, her friend, Sam gives her a giant teddy bear, Bearry. As Chloe confides her wishes to Bearry, people close to her go missing or die. Is Chloe a murderer, is it her stalker? or is it Bearry?
Director:Alexander T. Hwang
Stars:Sarah French, Thomas Haley, Charles Chudabala, Felissa Rose

Big House (2021)
Synopsis : In order to protect a beautiful woman and her son from a robber, a male FBI agent disguises himself as a large grandmother.
Director:Raja Gosnell
Stars:Martin Lawrence, Nia Long, Paul Giamatti, Jascha Washington

Overrun (2021)
Synopsis : Former military extraction specialist Marcus Lombardi, whose only chance of saving his informant sister and their family is to track down a mysterious briefcase.
Director:Josh Tessier
Stars:Omid Zader, Johnny Messner, Bruce Dern, William Katt

Habit (2021)
Synopsis : Showgirl Deloris Van Cartier returns as Sister Mary Clarence to teach music to a group of Catholic students whose run-down school is slated for closure.
Director:Bill Duke
Stars:Whoopi Goldberg, Kathy Najimy, Maggie Smith, Barnard Hughes

Mind Talker (2021)
Synopsis : Detective Ben Stone hit on the head and hospitalized, his injury births a new gift of telepathy which sends him down a mysterious path to help troubled individuals to find that he is dealing with a higher level threat.
Director:Minh Tuan Nguyen
Stars:Mara D. Ramirez Angulo, Joe Caldarella, John R. Cerminara, Martin Chavez

Sinister Sorority (2021)
Synopsis : An ambitious college student is excited to have a new sorority sister until she uncovers her sister's dark past.
Director:Anna Elizabeth James
Stars:Maddison Bullock, Heather Lynn Harris, Briana Femia, Lena Harmon

Boonie Bears: The Wild Life (2021)
Synopsis : Genetics have never been so hilarious. A thrilling new place opens on Pine Tree Mountain, "Wild Land", that offers a legendary experience. By wearing a gene-altering bracelet, guests can
Director:Leon Ding
Stars:Chris Boike, Joseph S. Lambert, Nikki Stinson, Xiao Tan

Love Is Not Love (2021)
Synopsis : Elena is a beautiful, 35-year-old accomplished woman who has an unhealthy obsession with perfection. Elena's well-ordered life is thrown into chaos, however, when she meets Adriana, an 18-
Director:Francesca Muci
Stars:Anna Foglietta, Giulio Berruti, Camilla Filippi, Lorena Cacciatore

Snake Eyes: G.I. Joe Origins (2021)
Synopsis : A G.I. Joe spin-off centered around the character of Snake Eyes.
Director:Robert Schwentke
Stars:Henry Golding, Andrew Koji, Haruka Abe, Takehiro Hira

Nowhere Special (2021)
Synopsis : When John, a thirty-five-year-old window cleaner, is given only a few months to live, he attempts to find a new, perfect family for his three-year-old son, determined to shield him from the terrible reality of the situation.
Director:Uberto Pasolini
Stars:James Norton, Daniel Lamont, Eileen O'Higgins, Valerie O'Connor

A Patriot's Day (2021)
Synopsis : Based on true stories, "The Patriot's Day" follows the lives of three different American soldiers. Set during the Iraq war, the film helps shed light on the mental health issues many US military men and women deal with on a daily basis.
Director:Jason Campbell
Stars:Charlie Brown, Jeremiah Clark, Austin Cole, Jordon Gingrich

About Us (2020)
Synopsis : A young couple revisit the location where they spent their honeymoon eight years earlier, in an effort to rekindle their troubled marriage. We watch as they navigate the beauty and the pain
Director:Stefan Schwartz
Stars:Ross McCall, Allison Miller, Alessandra Mastronardi

Collection (2021)
Synopsis : An eccentric mortician recounts several macabre and phantasmagorical tales that he's encountered in his distinguished career.
Director:Ryan Spindell
Stars:Tristan Byon, Eden Campbell, Hannah R. Loyd, Clancy Brown

Spin (2021)
Synopsis : Mike Flaherty, the Deputy Mayor of New York City, and his team of half-wits must constantly save the Mayor from embarrassment and the media. Mike is later succeeded by Charlie Crawford.
Stars:
Charlie Sheen, Heather Locklear, Richard Kind

Demented (2021)
Synopsis : An insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage filmmakers kidnap an A-list Hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film.
Director:John Waters
Stars:Melanie Griffith, Stephen Dorff, Alicia Witt, Adrian Grenier

Buckley's Chance (2021)
Synopsis : A year after the loss of his father, Ridley and his mother, Gloria, move to Western Australian to live with Ridley's estranged grandfather Spencer. Once there Spencer tries to connect with
Director:Tim Brown
Stars:Bill Nighy, Victoria Hill, Martin Sacks, Ben Wood

CODA (2021)
Synopsis : As a CODA (Child of Deaf Adults) Ruby is the only hearing person in her deaf family. When the family's fishing business is threatened, Ruby finds herself torn between pursuing her love of music by wanting to go to Berklee College of Music and her fear of abandoning her parents.
Director:Sian Heder
Stars:Emilia Jones, Marlee Matlin, Troy Kotsur, Daniel Durant

Charming the Hearts of Men (2020)
Synopsis : A romantic drama set during the politically charged early 60s where a sophisticated woman returns to her Southern home town and discovers her options are limited yet discrimination is plentiful. With the help of a Congressional ally, she inspires historic legislation which allows opportunities and protections never before afforded to women.
Director:S.E. DeRose
Stars:Anna Friel, Kelsey Grammer, Starletta DuPois, Pauline Dyer

Crime Story (2021)
Synopsis : An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.
Stars:
Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi

Beckett (2021)
Synopsis : Following a tragic car accident in Greece, an American tourist finds himself at the center of a dangerous political conspiracy and on the run for his life.
Director:Ferdinando Cito Filomarino
Stars:John David Washington, Boyd Holbrook, Vicky Krieps, Alicia Vikander

Naked Singularity (2021)
Synopsis : An idealistic young New York City public defender burned out by the system, on the brink of disbarment, and seeing signs of the universe collapsing all around him decides to rob a multi-million drug deal of one of his clients.
Director:Chase Palmer
Stars:John Boyega, Olivia Cooke, Bill Skarsgård, Ed Skrein

The Swarm (2020)
Synopsis : A single mother's business of a locust farm isn't doing so well. She discovers by accident that blood makes them thrive, and does her best to hide her secrets.
Director:Just Philippot
Stars:Suliane Brahim, Sofian Khammes, Marie Narbonne, Raphael Romand

The 27-Hour Day (2021)
Synopsis : An entrepreneur takes a break from her wellness empire for some much-needed work-life balance but realizes it won't be easy. Will a relaxing retreat and new romance change her life, forever?
Director:David Winning
Stars:Autumn Reeser, Andrew W. Walker, Rhiannon Fish, Colleen Wheeler

The Kissing Booth 3 (2021)
Synopsis : It's the summer before Elle Evans is set to head off to college, and she has a big decision to make.
Director:Vince Marcello
Stars:Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald

The Florist (2021)
Synopsis : Based on the 2014 short of the same name, The Florist follows millennial Annika, played by Murphy, who earns her living selling edible hypnotic flowers to fashionable eateries across Los Angeles.
Director:Andrew Ryan
Stars:Rebecca Murphy, Andrew Ryan, Alan Desatti, Dan Powers

Chloe's Mountain (2021)
Synopsis : A teenage girl, songwriter-singer Chloe, reluctantly enters a Christian University and then finds she must face the mountains that are holding her back and in God who can move them.
Director:Wesley Bristol
Stars:Kenzie Mae, Shalayna Janelle, Adam Thayer, Lynne Yeaman

Lethal Love Triangle (2021)
Synopsis : Two students become engrossed with their handsome research subject until his true nature puts them in harm's way.
Director:Daniel West
Stars:Savvy Shay, Jacob Taylor, April Martucci, Terry Woodberry

Sweet Revenge: A Hannah Swensen Mystery (2021)
Synopsis : As Hannah and Mike experience engaged life while balancing their busy careers, a murder at a 24-hour gym complicates their wedding planning.
Director:Pat Williams
Stars:Alison Sweeney, Cameron Mathison, Tess Atkins, Barbara Niven

To Be Someone (2021)
Synopsis : A lighthearted adventure movie set in the world of Mods.
Director:Ray Burdis
Stars:Sam Gittins, George Appleby, Leslie Ash, Amelia Bath

Bleed with Me (2021)
Synopsis : During a winter getaway at an isolated cabin, a self-destructive young woman becomes convinced that her best friend is stealing her blood.
Director:Amelia Moses
Stars:Lee Marshall, Lauren Beatty, Aris Tyros

Joe Bell (2021)
Synopsis : The true story of a small town, working class father who embarks on a solo walk across the U.S. to crusade against bullying after his son is tormented in high school for being gay.
Director:Reinaldo Marcus Green
Stars:Mark Wahlberg, Reid Miller, Connie Britton, Maxwell Jenkins

Eye Without a Face (2021)
Synopsis : A surgeon causes an accident which leaves his daughter disfigured and goes to extreme lengths to give her a new face.
Director:Georges Franju
Stars:Pierre Brasseur, Alida Valli, Juliette Mayniel, Alexandre Rignault

Tomorrow I Quit (2021)
Synopsis : "Tomorrow I Quit" depicts a generation struggling with unstable careers, un-affordable housing and the shame of expressing feelings in a new society of superficial success and false happiness.
Director:Bertrand Remaut
Stars:Géraldine Creff, Libby Grace, Jimi Hunt, Mustaq Missouri

She Ball (2020)
Synopsis : She Ball follows the love of the game through the struggles of Avery Watts, who enlists the baddest women's streetball league in the city to help him save the embattled Inglewood Community
Director:Nick Cannon
Stars:Rosa Acosta, K.D. Aubert, Delpha Baxter, Dj Bling

John and the Hole (2021)
Synopsis : A coming-of-age psychological thriller that plays out the unsettling reality of a kid who holds his family captive in a hole in the ground.
Director:Pascual Sisto
Stars:Charlie Shotwell, Michael C. Hall, Jennifer Ehle, Taissa Farmiga

Notorious Nick (2021)
Synopsis : Nick Newell, a one-armed MMA fighter gets a rare chance to fight for the lightweight championship. He strives to win for himself and all the other people in the world with physical challenges.
Director:Aaron Leong
Stars:Cody Christian, Elisabeth Röhm, Kevin Pollak, Barry Livingston

The Pit (2021)
Synopsis : A dangerous neighborhood, "The Pit", ran by a noble mafia family called Koçovali. When the family is in the danger of losing the control of The Pit, their youngest son now must come back to his home, where he could never escape from.
Stars:
Riza Kocaoglu, Cem Uslu, Ertugrul Aytaç Usun

Playing God (2021)
Synopsis : A pair of con artists recruit their longtime mentor to "play" God in order to scam a grieving billionaire.
Director:Scott Brignac
Stars:Hannah Kasulka, Luke Benward, Jude Demorest, Marc Menchaca

The Suicide Squad (2021)
Synopsis : Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese.
Director:James Gunn
Stars:Margot Robbie, Idris Elba, John Cena, Joel Kinnaman

Vivo (2021)
Synopsis : Vivo, Sony Pictures Animation's first-ever musical adventure featuring all-new original songs from Lin-Manuel Miranda, will take audiences on an epic adventure to gorgeous and vibrant locations never before seen in animation.
Directors:Kirk DeMicco,
|     Stars:Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ynairaly Simo, Zoe Saldana, Juan de Marcos González

Teddy (2021)
Synopsis : In a rural French town, twenty-something Teddy is scratched by an unknown beast and slowly undergoes frightening changes.
Directors:Ludovic Boukherma,
|     Stars:Anthony Bajon, Christine Gautier, Ludovic Torrent, Guillaume Mattera

Lansky (2021)
Synopsis : When the aging Meyer Lansky is investigated by the Feds, who suspect he has stashed away millions of dollars over half a century, the retired gangster reveals the untold truth about his life as the boss of the National Crime Syndicate.
Director:Eytan Rockaway
Stars:Harvey Keitel, Sam Worthington, John Magaro, Minka Kelly

Faking a Murderer (2020)
Synopsis : In search of their next hit series, two filmmakers embark on an investigation to find a man they believe to be a serial killer. Are they in over their heads? Yes.
Director:Stuart Stone
Stars:Adam Rodness, Stuart Stone, Josh Cruddas, Bill MacDonald

Mount Adams (2021)
Synopsis : A team of UFO investigators find themselves fighting for survival as alien monsters hunt them on the slopes of Mount Adams.
Director:Phillip Wade
Stars:Tim Wade, Emily Sweet, Matthew O'Donnell, Phillip Wade

Pooling to Paradise (2021)
Synopsis : A Los Angeles ride share pool turns into a road trip to Paradise, NV for four millennial strangers, each at a crossroads in their lives, who find unexpected connection.
Director:Roxy Shih
Stars:Lynn Chen, Charlotte Kniaz, Frances Kniaz, Bradley White

Zone Drifter (2021)
Synopsis : In the distant future, a former soldier battles through a ravaged post-war wasteland, and faces an army of programmed killers while searching for his missing brother.
Director:Charles Conkin
Stars:Adam Amick, Melissa Baker, Ryan Below, Charles Conkin

Mondo Hollywoodland (2021)
Synopsis : A groovy mushrooms dealer and a man from the 5th dimension journey through Hollywood to find the meaning of "Mondo."
Director:Janek Ambros
Stars:Chris Blim, Alex Loynaz, Alyssa Sabo, Jessica Jade Andres

Righteous Blood (2021)
Synopsis : Outlaw gun for hire Jericho (played by Michael Pare) is on the run from the law when he finds himself tangled in a situation that will fundamentally change his life, his views and his beliefs forever.
Director:Rene Perez
Stars:Alexandra Amarell, Jaren Anderson, Hoyt Baker, Dan Bernstein

Abducted (2021)
Synopsis : On the night she plans on taking her own life, a 17-year-old girl is kidnapped and finds herself fighting to stay alive. She gets released, but when she returns home, no one believes her story except for one detective.
Director:Jim Donovan
Stars:Katie Douglas, David James Elliott, Rossif Sutherland, Amanda Arcuri

A Savage Nature (2020)
Synopsis : A troubled couple battles home invaders. As the night unfolds, loyalties shift, secrets spill, and lives shatter.
Director:Paul Awad
Stars:Joseph Carlson, Rayanne Gonzales, Jon Hudson Odom, Steve Polites

Worth (2021) HC
Synopsis : Mike and Alex plays with Pie Face Showdown is it worth the money?
Stars:
Alexander Averbukh

Bottle Monster (2021)
Synopsis : An alcoholic mother trying to flee her life, moves to a new house with her young son where she must battle her addiction as she is confronted by a real-life monster.
Director:Marjorie DeHey
Stars:Willie Aames, Liam Attridge, Tammie Baird, Bob Clendenin

Water 2: The Cleansing (2021)
Synopsis : After a horrific experience at their previous house, Stephanie and her daughter relocate to a modest home in a quiet, private neighborhood or so they sought.
Director:Phillip Penza
Stars:Makena Ayala, Adam Berardi, Audrey Beth, Matt Broome

Danny Doom (2021)
Synopsis : A boy who seems destined for disaster joins a Christian church youth group then chases the girl of his dreams by masquerading as a mysterious rebel.
Director:Matthew Wilson
Stars:Gavin Michaels, Brett Hargrave, Vinnie Duyck, Paul Ryan Hobson

The Five Rules Of Success (2021)
Synopsis : An enterprising ex-convict overcomes tragedy by designing a modern-day guide to success for a society that failed him.
Director:Orson Oblowitz
Stars:Isidora Goreshter, Jennifer Field, Roger Guenveur Smith, Jonathan Howard

2025 - The World enslaved by a Virus (2021)
Synopsis : We are in 2025: since the appearance of covid-19 in 2020, the world is no longer the same: a new system with a single world government has been put in place.
Directors:Joshua Wesely,
|     Stars:Joshua Wesely, Antonia Joy Speer, Matthew Dougan, Laura Wieder

The Last Mercenary (2021)
Synopsis : A mysterious former secret service agent must urgently return to France when his estranged son is falsely accused of arms and drug trafficking by the government, following a blunder by an overzealous bureaucrat and a mafia operation.
Director:David Charhon
Stars:Jean-Claude Van Damme, Alban Ivanov, Samir Decazza, Assa Sylla

A Dark Foe (2021)
Synopsis : A guilt-ridden FBI agent, stranded in the painful memory of the abduction of his sister, suffers from a rare condition known as Nyctophobia, an irrational fear of the dark, and will have to
Director:Maria Gabriela Cardenas
Stars:Oscar Cardenas, Kenzie Dalton, Graham Greene, Selma Blair

Jungle Cruise (2021)
Synopsis : Based on Disneyland's theme park ride where a small riverboat takes a group of travelers through a jungle filled with dangerous animals and reptiles but with a supernatural element.
Director:Jaume Collet-Serra
Stars:Dwayne Johnson, Emily Blunt, Edgar Ramírez, Jack Whitehall

Resort to Love (2021)
Synopsis : Erica, who ends up as the entertainment at her ex-fiancé's wedding after reluctantly taking a gig at a luxurious island resort while in the wake of a music career meltdown.
Director:Steven K. Tsuchida
Stars:Christina Milian, Tymberlee Hill, Kayne Lee Harrison, Ruth Nadler-Nir

The Boy Behind the Door (2021)
Synopsis : After Bobby and his best friend Kevin are kidnapped and taken to a strange house in the middle of nowhere, Bobby manages to escape. But then he hears Kevin's screams for help and realizes he can't leave his friend behind.
Directors:David Charbonier,
|     Stars:Lonnie Chavis, Ezra Dewey, Kristin Bauer van Straten, Micah Hauptman

F9 (2021)
Synopsis : Dom and the crew must take on an international terrorist who turns out to be Dom and Mia's estranged brother.
Director:Justin Lin
Stars:Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson

Hostage House (2021)
Synopsis : When an ambitious realtor and her daughter are held hostage during an open house, they must work together to outsmart their captors.
Director:David Benullo
Stars:Jennifer Taylor, Julia Terranova, Emily Sweet, Justin C. Schilling

Robot Apocalypse (2021)
Synopsis : When expert hacker Tara tries to stop a powerful, sentient A.I. as it takes over the world's military, the A.I. marks her as a terrorist that must be exterminated.
Stars:
Katalina Viteri, DeAngelo Davis, Jessica Chancellor

Amy and Peter Are Getting Divorced (2021)
Synopsis : The romantic comedy follows what happens when a seemingly perfect couple plans to divorce and how their once-tight friend group struggles to cope with the aftermath.
Director:April Moreau
Stars:Britt Baron, Jordan Barrow, Gabe Begneaud, Alli Brown

Walking with Herb (2021)
Synopsis : Sixty-five-year-old Joe Amable-Amo thinks nothing much in his background distinguishes him from other guys his age. He is struggling with his faith after tragedy hits. As the former amateur
Director:Ross Kagan Marks
Stars:Edward James Olmos, George Lopez, Kathleen Quinlan, Jessica Medoff

Kringle Time (2021)
Synopsis : The manager of a small town public access station questions the legacy of his favorite children's show mascot when he learns that the man inside the costume had been carrying a dark and scandalous secret.
Director:Matthew Lucas
Stars:Benny Elledge, Vernon Wells, Gigi Edgley, Jeff Wincott

Batman: The Long Halloween
Synopsis : Batman investigates a murder spree that takes place on holidays.
Director:Chris Palmer
Stars:Jensen Ackles, Josh Duhamel, Naya Rivera, Troy Baker

Disencumber (2021)
Synopsis : Out of options and out of cash, two best friends - a jaded wannabe filmmaker and an idealistic PhD candidate - contemplate robbing their drug dealer.
Director:Adam Ninyo
Stars:Patrick Dunning, Maggie Topkis, Abby Garber, Jack Schrader

Scavengers (2021)
Synopsis : To inherit a fortune, various addressees of a will must compete in a wild scavenger hunt to collect selected items, but cannot be simply bought.
Director:Michael Schultz
Stars:Richard Benjamin, James Coco, Scatman Crothers, Ruth Gordon

Intuit (2021)
Synopsis : Pipa begins her career as a police detective alongside her mentor, the controversial detective Francisco Juánez. Together they must solve the violent murder of a 19-year-old girl.
Director:Alejandro Montiel
Stars:Luisana Lopilato, Joaquín Furriel, Rafael Ferro, Maite Lanata

Money Fight (2021)
Synopsis : A group of friends decides to document their lives as they search for an underground fight club that exists in the dark web. They put everything on the line for money, respect, and friendship.
Director:James Boss
Stars:James Boss, Abel Ryu, Eric Park, Pedro Lanre

Gun and a Hotel Bible (2021)
Synopsis : Based on the original play, Gun and a Hotel Bible is a provocative film about a man on the verge of a violent act, and his encounter with a personified hotel bible.
Directors:Raja Gosnell,
|     Stars:Bradley Gosnell, Daniel Floren, Mia Marcon, Grace Fae

Twisted House Sitter (2021)
Synopsis : When Alicia, a destitute young woman crosses paths with Morgan; a beautiful, affluent, entrepreneur, she realizes she'd rather live Morgan's luxurious life. So she takes it, by any means necessary.
Director:Courtney Miller
Stars:Crystal-Lee Naomi, Jennifer Freeman, Kareem Lewis, Ali Amin Carter

Blood Red Sky (2021)
Synopsis : A woman with a mysterious illness is forced into action when a group of terrorists attempt to hijack a transatlantic overnight flight.
Director:Peter Thorwarth
Stars:Peri Baumeister, Carl Anton Koch, Alexander Scheer, Kais Setti

Lockdowners (2021)
Synopsis : Rex (Kevin Nash) and his men aim to kill the homeless people living in a local deserted school hoping it'll slow an ultra deadly strand of covid. Now, outnumbered 100 to 1, "Hap" must save his little sister.
Director:Micah Lyons
Stars:Kevin Nash, Brooke Lyons, David D. Ford, Stephanie Kae Smith

CompleX (2021)
Synopsis : The futuristic adventures of a female cyborg counter intelligence agent and her support team.
Stars:
Mary Elizabeth McGlynn, William Frederick Knight, Richard Epcar

Last Call in the Dog House (2021)
Synopsis : The Dog House is a legendary New York dive bar, owned by an extraordinary family. Three people, from different back grounds, enter at closing time on separate nights, carrying the world on
Director:Bruce Reisman
Stars:Judy Geeson, Parker Stevenson, Yancy Butler, David Chokachi

Kingdom: Ashin of the North (2021)
Synopsis : Tragedy, betrayal and a mysterious discovery fuel a woman's vengeance for the loss of her tribe and family in this special episode of "Kingdom."
Director:Seong-hun Kim
Stars:Jun Ji-hyun, Si-ah Kim, Byeong-eun Park, Kyo-hwan Koo

The Last Letter from Your Lover (2021)
Synopsis : A pair of interwoven stories set in the past and present follow an ambitious journalist determined to solve the mystery of a forbidden love affair at the center of a trove of secret love letters from 1965.
Director:Augustine Frizzell
Stars:Shailene Woodley, Joe Alwyn, Wendy Nottingham, Felicity Jones

Heart of Hope (2021)
Synopsis : Eight-year-old Iris's heart condition threatens her dream of becoming a professional dancer.
Director:Roydon Turner
Stars:Linda-Jean Barry, Colin Blyth, Renato De Fazio, Georgina Hellier

The Birthday Cake (2021)
Synopsis : On the 10th anniversary of his father's death, Giovanni reluctantly accepts the task of bringing a cake to the home of his uncle, a mob boss, for a celebration. Just two hours into the night, Gio's life is forever changed.
Director:Jimmy Giannopoulos
Stars:Shiloh Fernandez, Val Kilmer, Ewan McGregor, William Fichtner

Trouble Will Find Us (2020)
Synopsis : A couple's relationship threatens to collapse under the pressures of life.
Director:Alexander Milo Bischof
Stars:Isabella Brazier-Jones, Benjamin Chandler, Pepa Duarte, Dylan Edwards

Jolt (2021)
Synopsis : A bouncer with a slightly murderous anger-management problem that she controls with the help of an electrode-lined vest she uses to shock herself back to normalcy whenever she gets homicidal.
Director:Tanya Wexler
Stars:Kate Beckinsale, Jai Courtney, Stanley Tucci, Bobby Cannavale

Alleyway (2021)
Synopsis : An undercover cop is released from jail after being wrongfully convicted for uncovering a conspiracy that led to the death of hundreds of people living with HIV.
Director:Henry Charly
Stars:Jack Devnarain, Luthuli Dlamini, Bheki Nkosi, Renos Spanoudes

Zola (2020)
Synopsis : A stripper named Zola embarks on a wild road trip to Florida.
Director:Janicza Bravo
Stars:Taylour Paige, Riley Keough, Nicholas Braun, Ari'el Stachel

Rock Paper Scissors (2021)
Synopsis : Magdalena returns to her childhood home to settle her father's inheritance with her half-siblings. Things turn bleak when Magdalena suffers an accident and has to rely on Maria José and Jésus for her recovery.
Directors:Martín Blousson,
|     Stars:Agustina Cerviño, Valeria Giorcelli, Pablo Sigal

Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans (2021)
Synopsis : The heroes from the Trollhunters series team-up on an epic adventure to fight the Arcane Order for control over the magic that binds them all.
Directors:Johane Matte,
Andrew L. Schmidt|     Stars:Steve Alterman, Kay Bess, Brian Blessed, Vic Chao

Who Am I Now? (2021)
Synopsis : New friends Erin and Alex discover a mutual attraction that neither of them have ever felt before. While Alex tries to navigate her feelings, Erin refuses to acknowledge that she might be
Director:Louise E. Lathey
Stars:Barbara Beall, Joanna Gaskell, Alethea Sholomenko, Alicia c. Snee

Coming For The King (2021)
Synopsis : Coming for the King is a fictional account of the events and the people that surrounded Martin Luther King Jr. from early 1963 until his untimely demise in the Spring of 1968.
Director:Jermaine Smith
Stars:John Allen Shaw, Bill Johnson, Roberto Ragone, Dyesha Hicks

The Demon's Waltz (2021)
Synopsis : Becca, a private investigator, is hired to look into the origins of a viral TikTok Challenge that has haunted and caused the deaths of several people. The deeper she digs into the mystery,
Director:Ryan Callaway
Stars:Briana Aceti, Kailee McGuire, Sophia Zalipsky, Breanna Engle

House of Quarantine (2021)
Synopsis : Nine people have been locked down together in a house while trying to make a movie. Unknowingly, one of their group is infected with Covid-19. The next three weeks become a life and death
Director:Mitesh Kumar Patel
Stars:Drew Leatham, Philip P Carlisle, Zoey Walker, Dylan Garcia

Jakob's Wife (2021)
Synopsis : Anne, married to a small-town Minister, feels her life has been shrinking over the past 30 years. Encountering "The Master" brings her a new sense of power and an appetite to live bolder. However, the change comes with a heavy body count.
Director:Travis Stevens
Stars:Barbara Crampton, Larry Fessenden, Bonnie Aarons, Nyisha Bell

1480 Radio Pirates (2021)
Synopsis : It's 1965 and rock music is shaking up the world but not in New Zealand. Richard Davis a 23 year old journalist is determined to break the Government's monopoly on broadcasting and bring
Director:Craig Newland
Stars:Matt Whelan, Daniel Musgrove, Elliot Wrightson, Belinda Crawley

Room 9 (2021)
Synopsis : 9/11 from the President's perspective, with exclusive access to information from the one's that had to take decisions during the World Trade Center's attack.
Director:Adam Wishart
Stars:Jeff Daniels, George W. Bush, Dick Cheney, Condoleezza Rice

Finding You (2021)
Synopsis : Violinist Finley Sinclair travels to an Irish coastal village to begin her semester studying abroad. At the B&B run by her host family she encounters the gregarious and persistent heartthrob movie star Beckett Rush.
Director:Brian Baugh
Stars:Rose Reid, Jedidiah Goodacre, Katherine McNamara, Patrick Bergin

Death Alley (2021)
Synopsis : In 1892, the Dalton Gang set out to become the most famous outlaws in America. That dream would become a nightmare.
Director:Nicholas Barton
Stars:Delno Ebie, Joshua R. Outzen, Corey Cannon, Ryan T. Johnson

Nobody Will Believe You (2021)
Synopsis : Melanie and her daughter Hannah are ready for a fresh start. Hannah, a budding pianist is eager to fit in at her new school. When a stranger starts stalking her, she realizes danger lies much closer than she thought.
Director:Damián Romay
Stars:Jenna Rosenow, Emily Topper, Rebecca Adams, Grayson Bane

Big Cat Trail (2021)
Synopsis : Three couples go into the mountains for an overnight hike, seeking relaxation and fresh air. Instead, they find themselves engulfed in terror as they fight to stay alive.
Director:Beau Yotty
Stars:Beau Yotty, Lisa Barnes, Katrina F Kelly, Stew Jetson

Roller Squad (2021)
Synopsis : A group of roller skater friends join their forces to catch a serial killer who is too fast for the police.
Director:Berty Cadilhac
Stars:Alice Sanders, Benjamin McMahon, Amy Newton, David Wayman

A State of Mind (2021)
Synopsis : Darius Thomas' family history is filled with tragedy. Three generations of Thomas men have all taken their own lives, all struggling with mental illness. A promising writing career
Director:Mike Berry
Stars:Imani Khiry, Chanel Moore, Anthony Woods, Jason Floyd

Blood Born (2021)
Synopsis : A couple who are about to give up on their dream of having children find a doula who promises a magical solution to their infertility problems, but when she moves in for a series of strange
Director:Reed Shusterman
Stars:Rosie Moss, Antoine Perry, Melanie Haynes, Laurine Price

Dark Ritual (2021)
Synopsis : Jennifer, a young woman with a dark past, goes on a search for her missing brother. Jennifer soon discovers that her brother's disappearance was anything but planned
Director:Chris Warren
Stars:Natali Jones, Lisa Wilcox, Debbie Rochon, Sean Brison

Bloomfield (2020)
Synopsis : Eitan is yesterday's football star waiting for a tomorrow. He is a man who has nothing left but guts consulting the prospects of having to find a new profession and having to face a loving woman who doesn't understand his problems.
Directors:Richard Harris,
|     Stars:Richard Harris, Romy Schneider, Kim Burfield, Maurice Kaufmann

Lorelei (2021)
Synopsis : A working-class fable about a biker, a mermaid and three shades of blue.
Director:Sabrina Doyle
Stars:Jena Malone, Pablo Schreiber, Ryan Findley, Cory Ellis

Masquerade (2021)
Synopsis : A young girl struggles to survive after a group of home invaders break into her house to steal her family's priceless artwork.
Director:Shane Dax Taylor
Stars:Bella Thorne, Alyvia Alyn Lind, Skyler Samuels, Mircea Monroe

Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard (2021)
Synopsis : The bodyguard, Michael Bryce, continues his friendship with assassin, Darius Kincaid, as they try to save Darius' wife Sonia.
Director:Patrick Hughes
Stars:Ryan Reynolds, Samuel L. Jackson, Salma Hayek, Antonio Banderas

Joey and Ella (2021)
Synopsis : When a baby kangaroo gets accidentally swept up in a jewelry heist, she becomes separated from her mother for the first time in her young life.
Director:Stephen Shimek
Stars:Ashton Leigh, Britt Allen, Jennifer Michele, Brooks Ryan

The Duke (2021)
Synopsis : In 1961, Kempton Bunton, a 60 year old taxi driver, steals Goya's portrait of the Duke of Wellington from the National Gallery in London.
Director:Roger Michell
Stars:Jim Broadbent, Heather Craney, Stephen Rashbrook, James Wilby

The Forever Purge (2021)
Synopsis : All the rules are broken as a sect of lawless marauders decides that the annual Purge does not stop at daybreak and instead should never end.
Director:Everardo Gout
Stars:Ana de la Reguera, Tenoch Huerta, Josh Lucas, Leven Rambin

Pig (2021)
Synopsis : A truffle hunter who lives alone in the Oregon wilderness must return to his past in Portland in search of his beloved foraging pig after she is kidnapped.
Director:Michael Sarnoski
Stars:Nicolas Cage, Alex Wolff, Adam Arkin, Cassandra Violet

Randy Feltface the Book of Randicus (2020)
Synopsis : An embarrassing near death experience led Randy Feltface to start a new religion. Now he's recruiting disciples. Welcome to the Temple of Randicus, may your enlightenment begin.
Director:Natalie van den Dungen
Star:Heath McIvor

Deep (2021)
Synopsis : In the vicinity of the liberated planet of Bajor, the Federation space station Deep Space Nine guards the opening of a stable wormhole to the far side of the galaxy.
Stars:
Rene Auberjonois, Cirroc Lofton, Alexander Siddig

Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021)
Synopsis : A rogue artificial intelligence kidnaps the son of famed basketball player LeBron James, who then has to work with Bugs Bunny to win a basketball game.
Director:Malcolm D. Lee
Stars:LeBron James, Don Cheadle, Cedric Joe, Khris Davis

A Classic Horror Story (2021)
Synopsis : In this gruesome suspense film, strangers traveling in southern Italy become stranded in the woods, where they must fight desperately to get out alive.
Directors:Roberto De Feo,
|     Stars:Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz, Francesco Russo, Peppino Mazzotta, Will Merrick

Creation Stories (2021)
Synopsis : Creation Stories tells the unforgettable tale of infamous Creation Records label head Alan McGee; and of how one written-off young Glaswegian upstart rose to irrevocably change the face of British culture.
Director:Nick Moran
Stars:Ewen Bremner, Leo Flanagan, Richard Jobson, Rori Hawthorn

Gunpowder Milkshake (2021)
Synopsis : Three generations of women fight back against those who could take everything from them.
Director:Navot Papushado
Stars:Karen Gillan, Lena Headey, Carla Gugino, Michelle Yeoh

June Again (2021)
Synopsis : During a fleeting bout of lucidity from her dementia, June Wilton has precious little time to bring together her estranged children, save the family business, and rekindle an old flame.
Director:JJ Winlove
Stars:Noni Hazlehurst, Claudia Karvan, Stephen Curry, Di Adams

River (2021)
Synopsis : A veteran hunter helps an FBI agent investigate the murder of a young woman on a Wyoming Native American reservation.
Director:Taylor Sheridan
Stars:Elizabeth Olsen, Jeremy Renner, Graham Greene, Kelsey Asbille

Giddy Stratospheres (2021)
Synopsis : Loss and Love in the storm of Guitars and Broken Glass that was the mid 00's UK Indie Music Scene
Director:Laura Jean Marsh
Stars:Jamal Franklin, Laura Jean Marsh, Nick Helm, Richard Herring

Knifecorp (2021)
Synopsis : High School senior, Wally Banks is selling knives door to door, and gets trapped in a man's house with a dark secret and must escape before it's too late.
Director:Zach Zorba Grashin
Stars:Kane Hodder, Austin Kulman, Peter Gilroy, Hymnson Chan

Downeast (2021)
Synopsis : A story of love, loss, and redemption - Downeast dives into the often ignored seedy underbelly of Maine. The film combines crime, revenge, and the hope for a new life.
Director:Joe Raffa
Stars:Greg Finley, Dylan Silver, Judson Mills, Joss Glennie-Smith

Crashing Through the Snow (2021)
Synopsis : Maggie and Sam are crashing Christmas. When he proposes that they team up against his sister's perfect Christmas, neither of them are prepared for the blended family challenges that lie ahead.
Director:Rich Newey
Stars:Amy Acker, Warren Christie, Brooke Nevin, Kristian Bruun

Out of Death (2021)
Synopsis : A corrupt Sheriff's department in a rural mountain town comes undone when an unintended witness throws a wrench into their shady operation.
Director:Mike Burns
Stars:Jaime King, Bruce Willis, Lala Kent, Kelly Greyson

Skinwalker (2021)
Synopsis : A team of experts and scientists undertakes exhaustive research at Skinwalker Ranch, an infamous location for paranormal activity and UFO sightings.
Stars:
Bryant 'Dragon' Arnold, Brandon Fugal, Erik Bard

The Rebels of PT-218 (2021)
Synopsis : PT-218: THE REBELS OF WWII not only tells a true story, but gives us never seen details of what happened in 1943. At the height of WWII, the Atlantic Ocean becomes a deadly battleground as
Director:Nick Lyon
Stars:Eric Roberts, William Baldwin, Geoff Meed, Danny Trejo

Black Medicine (2021)
Synopsis : Black Medicine follows a black-market medic who carries out illegal operations for the criminal underworld. When she gives refuge to a young girl, she must choose between breaking her medical oath or crossing her ruthless employers.
Director:Colum Eastwood
Stars:Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Amybeth McNulty, Orla Brady, Shashi Rami

Nebulous Dark (2021)
Synopsis : Stuck in an endless time-loop, Captain Apollo wakes up to discover he is in the post-apocalypse, a pandemic has wiped out most of the population on Earth, and there are new tenants.
Director:Shahin Sean Solimon
Stars:Shahin Sean Solimon, Ginger Christie, Kent Hatch, Kaya Chyla

Settlers (2021)
Synopsis : Mankind's earliest settlers on the Martian frontier do what they must to survive the cosmic elements and each other.
Director:Wyatt Rockefeller
Stars:Sofia Boutella, Ismael Cruz Cordova, Brooklynn Prince, Nell Tiger Free

Die in a Gunfight (2021)
Synopsis : In New York City, a young guy falls for the daughter of his father's nemesis.
Director:Collin Schiffli
Stars:Diego Boneta, Alexandra Daddario, Justin Chatwin, Wade Allain-Marcus

The House Next Door: Meet the Blacks 2 (2021)
Synopsis : When best selling author Carl Black moves his family back to his childhood home, he must team up with oddball neighbors to do battle with a pimp, who may or may not be an actual vampire.
Director:Deon Taylor
Stars:Mike Epps, Katt Williams, Lil Duval, Zulay Henao

Black Widow (2021)
Synopsis : Natasha Romanoff confronts the darker parts of her ledger when a dangerous conspiracy with ties to her past arises.
Director:Cate Shortland
Stars:Scarlett Johansson, Florence Pugh, David Harbour, Rachel Weisz

This Little Love of Mine (2021)
Synopsis : A workaholic lawyer returns to her island home to convince an old friend to take over his family's company - but rekindled feelings soon get in the way.
Director:Christine Luby
Stars:Saskia Hampele, Liam McIntyre, Lynn Gilmartin, James Blee

The Simpsons: The Good
Synopsis : The satiric adventures of a working-class family in the misfit city of Springfield.
Stars:
Nancy Cartwright, Harry Shearer, Julie Kavner

Mott Haven (2021)
Synopsis : Hal (Robert Davi), a former radio mogul who has fallen on hard times, enlists the aid of a beleaguered businessman (Paul Wilson) to battle a thuggish superintendent (Chuck Zito) and the forces of gentrification in the South Bronx.
Director:Michael Domino
Stars:Robert Davi, Chuck Zito, Paul Wilson, Deborah Green

Ainbo: Spirit of the Amazon (2021)
Synopsis : In the spirit of Moana and Frozen, 'Ainbo - Spirit of the Amazon' is the epic journey of a young hero and her Spirit Guides, "Dillo" a cute and humorous armadillo and "Vaca" a goofy
Directors:Richard Claus,
|     Stars:Lola Raie, Naomi Serrano, Dino Andrade, Joe Hernandez

Here Today (2021)
Synopsis : When veteran comedy writer Charlie Burnz meets New York street singer Emma Payge, they form an unlikely yet hilarious and touching friendship that kicks the generation gap aside and redefines the meaning of love and trust.
Director:Billy Crystal
Stars:Billy Crystal, Chad Jennings, Dierdre Friel, Alex Brightman

Ride the Eagle (2021)
Synopsis : Leif is left with a conditional inheritance when his estranged mother Honey dies. Before he can move into her picturesque Yosemite cabin, he has to complete her elaborate, and sometimes dubious, to-do list.
Director:Trent O'Donnell
Stars:Jake Johnson, Susan Sarandon, D'Arcy Carden, J.K. Simmons

Tides (2021)
Synopsis : Set in the distant future, a female astronaut, shipwrecked on the long-decimated Earth, must decide the fate of the wasteland's remaining populace.
Director:Tim Fehlbaum
Stars:Nora Arnezeder, Iain Glen, Sarah-Sofie Boussnina, Sope Dirisu

Meander (2021)
Synopsis : A woman finds herself locked in a series of strange tunnels full of deadly traps.
Director:Mathieu Turi
Stars:Gaia Weiss, Peter Franzén, Romane Libert, Frédéric Franchitti

Gerri Curls (2021)
Synopsis : Gordon (Mike Grogan) joins forces with an unlikely ally (KK Brunson) to fight his half-sister (Renata Bresciani) for the family inheritance and his rightful place among South Florida's curling elite.
Director:Will Young
Stars:Charlotte Adams, Renata Bresciani, KK Brunson, Chris Cobas

Marathon (2021)
Synopsis : After the shocking murder of his older brother, a New York history student finds himself inexplicably hounded by shadowy government agents on the trail of a Nazi war criminal who is trying to retrieve smuggled diamonds.
Director:John Schlesinger
Stars:Dustin Hoffman, Laurence Olivier, Roy Scheider, William Devane

Madison and the Happiness Jar (2021)
Synopsis : When a happiness jar lands in Madison's possession, it unexpectedly leads her to interesting crossroads, new friendships, true love, self empowerment and ultimately new beginnings.
Director:Chrys Phillips
Stars:James Mana, Jamie Carter, Melanie Britton, Isabella Hayes

The Blackout Experiment (2021)
Synopsis : 6 strangers wake up inside a room garnished with weapons and are forced to kill each other or watch someone they care deeply about die.
Director:John David Moffat IV
Stars:Troy Jones, Dom Cole, Yasmin Irvine, Steven Synstelien

No Loss / No Gain (2021)
Synopsis : A mysterious modern-day Robin Hood gives the victims of a bank robbery a million dollar opportunity.
Director:Christian Rousseau
Stars:John Valley, Amanda Joy Erickson, Kevin McCarthy, Nathan Ehrmann

Medusa (2021)
Synopsis : After being bitten by a snake a young lady's life begins to take a sharp turn for the worst as a deadly virus plagues her body.
Director:Matthew B.C.
Stars:Nicola Wright, Megan Purvis, Sarah T. Cohen, Brahmdeo Shannon Ramana

Hatched (2021)
Synopsis : A young gymnast who tries desperately to please her demanding mother, discovers a strange egg. She hides it and keeps it warm, but when it hatches, what emerges shocks them all.
Director:Hanna Bergholm
Stars:Siiri Solalinna, Sophia Heikkilä, Jani Volanen, Reino Nordin

Avocado Toast (2021)
Synopsis : Avocado Toast is an intergenerational sex comedy exploring the comforts and awkwardness of sex from age 25 to 69. When it comes to millennials and baby boomers, these nuts haven't fallen so far from the family tree.
Stars:
Heidi Lynch, Nelu Handa, Faye Marsay

Danny Boy (2021)
Synopsis : Follows Brian Wood who is humbled when he is accused of war crimes in Iraq by the human rights lawyer Phil Shiner.
Director:Sam Miller
Stars:Toby Jones, Alex Ferns, Sarah Niles, Leah McNamara

Claw (2021)
Synopsis : A look at the life and crimes of five women who work at a Florida nail salon.
Stars:
Carrie Preston, Judy Reyes, Karrueche Tran

Till Death (2021)
Synopsis : A woman is left handcuffed to her dead husband as part of a sick revenge plot. Unable to unshackle, she has to survive as two killers arrive to finish her off.
Director:S.K. Dale
Stars:Megan Fox, Eoin Macken, Callan Mulvey, Jack Roth

Some of Our Stallions (2021)
Synopsis : When best friends Beautiful Bill and Andy struggle to fit into regular society, Bill decides they need romantic love. This kicks off a years-long series of misadventures that challenge not only their friendship, but their grasp on sanity.
Director:Carson Mell
Stars:Carson Mell, Al Di, Olivia Taylor Dudley, David Zellner

Werewolves Within (2021)
Synopsis : Feature adaptation of the video game where werewolves attack a small town.
Director:Josh Ruben
Stars:Sam Richardson, Milana Vayntrub, George Basil, Sarah Burns

Let Us In (2021)
Synopsis : A spirited girl starts investigating the sudden disappearances of several missing teens in their small town. Realizing there might be something deeper happening, Emily might be up against forces she can't even imagine.
Director:Craig Moss
Stars:Makenzie Moss, O'Neill Monahan, Eric Callero, Tobin Bell

The God Committee (2021)
Synopsis : An organ transplant committee has one hour to decide which of three patients deserves a life-saving heart. Seven years later, the committee members struggle with the consequences of that fateful decision.
Director:Austin Stark
Stars:Kelsey Grammer, Julia Stiles, Colman Domingo, Janeane Garofalo

The Boss Baby: Family Business (2021)
Synopsis : The Templeton brothers have become adults and drifted away from each other, but a new boss baby with a cutting-edge approach is about to bring them together again - and inspire a new family business.
Director:Tom McGrath
Stars:Alec Baldwin, James Marsden, Amy Sedaris, Ariana Greenblatt

The Tomorrow War (2021)
Synopsis : A family man is drafted to fight in a future war where the fate of humanity relies on his ability to confront the past.
Director:Chris McKay
Stars:Chris Pratt, Yvonne Strahovski, J.K. Simmons, Betty Gilpin

Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway (2021)
Synopsis : Thomas and Bea are now married and living with Peter and his rabbit family. Bored of life in the garden, Peter goes to the big city, where he meets shady characters and ends up creating chaos for the whole family.
Director:Will Gluck
Stars:Rose Byrne, Domhnall Gleeson, David Oyelowo, James Corden

Heir (2021)
Synopsis : After a chance encounter in LA, two teens from different social backgrounds reunite at an exclusive high school attended by Korea's über rich.
Stars:
Park Shin-Hye, Woo-bin Kim, Kim Ji-Won

No Sudden Move (2021)
Synopsis : A group of criminals are brought together under mysterious circumstances and have to work together to uncover what's really going on when their simple job goes completely sideways.
Director:Steven Soderbergh
Stars:Don Cheadle, Benicio Del Toro, David Harbour, Jon Hamm

Alien Conquest (2021)
Synopsis : Sibling astronomers discover Martians are threatening to attack Earth, but no one believes them-until Martians land and nearly destroy all of New York City.
Director:Mario N. Bonassin
Stars:Emily Killian, Anthony Jensen, Tom Sizemore, Michael DeVorzon

Separation (2021)
Synopsis : The family Paixão runs a farm for wedding parties, but the business is not going well. While the love between the parents, Vanessa and Daniel appears to have ended, the grandparents, Luisa
Stars:
Dinarte Branco, Madalena Almeida, Diogo Martins

Blood Pageant (2021)
Synopsis : Suspense and horror on the set of a cheesy reality show. Some will do anything to win, opening doors to ungodly evil. Who will win? Who will survive? David Chokachi, Stephen Baldwin and Snoop Dogg balance scares with comedy, music and fun.
Directors:Harvey Lowry,
Anthony J. Sands|     Stars:Matthew Marsden, Stephen Baldwin, Danielle C. Ryan, Snoop Dogg

All Who Loved Her (2021)
Synopsis : Rianne Angers has spent the last nine years obsessing over the vicious murder of Gwen Anderson. And it is understandable: Her brother Nick went to prison for the crime. Now that Nick is
Director:Christian Vinces
Stars:Janice Blue, Andre Boyer, Clint Carmichael, Arthur De Larroche

America: The Motion Picture (2021)
Synopsis : A chainsaw-wielding George Washington teams with beer-loving bro Sam Adams to take down the Brits in a tongue-in-cheek riff on the American Revolution.
Director:Matt Thompson
Stars:Channing Tatum, Jason Mantzoukas, Olivia Munn, Bobby Moynihan

Boss Moves (2021)
Synopsis : Crutch hires his brother, Black, to kill his friend Kane. Crutch takes Kane's cash and becomes king of the streets. Not realizing he killed the wrong guy, Black is kidnapped and becomes the
Directors:Chad Hendricks,
|     Stars:Tavares Walker, Antwan Bing, Matesha Redman, Mr. Popular McCloud

Extraction Point (2021)
Synopsis : When a UFO is taken down by the government making it crash, Nemon (Farid Jamal Khan) is taken to a secret Laboratory ran by Dr. Silva (Joe Bei) for anything and everything evil. Becoming
Director:Franklin Correa
Stars:Charles Heimlich, Tara London, Franklin Correa, Michael Ciesla

Sand Dollar Cove (2021)
Synopsis : Real estate development project manager Elli is sent by her company to acquire the beachfront property they've chosen as the site of their new resort. Brody, the charming local wants to make sure the town's beloved pier remains intact.
Director:Fred Gerber
Stars:Chad Michael Murray, Aly Michalka, Clare Bowen, Glynnis O'Connor

Ripper Untold (2021)
Synopsis : A detective and a medical examiner join forces to solve a series of horrific murders in Victorian London - but one of them harbours a deadly secret.
Director:Steve Lawson
Stars:Jacob Anderton, Chris Bell, Dawn Butler, Jonathan Hansler

The Greenhouse (2021)
Synopsis : Grieving the death of her mother Lillian, Beth Tweedy-Bell wakes one night to find a portal to the past in the forest surrounding her family home. Swept away by visions of her idyllic
Director:Thomas Wilson-White
Stars:Tel Benjamin, Rhondda Findleton, Harriet Gordon-Anderson, Michael Gosden

A Quiet Place Part II (2021)
Synopsis : Following the events at home, the Abbott family now face the terrors of the outside world. Forced to venture into the unknown, they realize the creatures that hunt by sound are not the only threats lurking beyond the sand path.
Director:John Krasinski
Stars:Emily Blunt, Millicent Simmonds, Cillian Murphy, John Krasinski

Gaia (2021)
Synopsis : An injured forest ranger on a routine mission is saved by two off-the-grid survivalists. What is initially a welcome rescue grows more suspicious as the son and his renegade father reveal a cultish devotion to the forest.
Director:Jaco Bouwer
Stars:Monique Rockman, Carel Nel, Alex van Dyk, Anthony Oseyemi

The Ice Road (2021)
Synopsis : After a remote diamond mine collapses in far northern Canada, a 'big-rig' ice road driver must lead an impossible rescue mission over a frozen lake to save the trapped miners.
Director:Jonathan Hensleigh
Stars:Liam Neeson, Marcus Thomas, Laurence Fishburne, Amber Midthunder

An Unquiet Grave (2020)
Synopsis : A year after the death of his wife, a man enlists her sister to help him bring her back.
Director:Terence Krey
Stars:Jacob A. Ware, Christine Nyland

Black Easter (2021)
Synopsis : An Extremist group travels back in time to assassinate Christ before the Crucifixion. The fate of the world now depends on a genius with no faith
Director:Jim Carroll
Stars:Jordyn Barrera, Christina Birdsong, Donny Boaz, Phoenix Brock

Behemoth (2020)
Synopsis : A desperate father will risk anything, even his soul, to save his terminally ill daughter
Director:Peter Szewczyk
Stars:Josh Eisenberg, Paul Statman, Jennifer Churchich, Richard Wagner

Calm Like a Bomb (2021)
Synopsis : A man, whose girlfriend was murdered some years before, takes his revenge during the course of a single night. He has one night, that's the time limit he gave to himself. Now he is ready to
Director:Mauro Russo Rouge
Stars:Serena Debianchi, Gianfranco Giglio, Mauro Pacenti, Giovanni Pescetti

Sol Invictus (2021)
Synopsis : Far into the future a group of young adults are stranded on a hostile alien planet with no hope of getting home.
Director:Ben Carland
Stars:Jake White, Jake Brown, Colin Conners, Caleb Courtney

Spirit Untamed (2021)
Synopsis : Lucky Prescott's life is changed forever when she moves from her home in the city to a small frontier town and befriends a wild mustang named Spirit.
Directors:Elaine Bogan,
|     Stars:Isabela Merced, Marsai Martin, Mckenna Grace, Walton Goggins

The Green Sea (2021)
Synopsis : A lone writer lives a life of isolation until her world changes by the appearance of a strange young girl.
Director:Randal Plunkett
Stars:Katharine Isabelle, Hazel Doupe, Dermot Ward, Ciaron Davies

Good on Paper (2021)
Synopsis : After years of putting her career first, a stand-up comic meets a guy who seems perfect: smart, nice, successful and possibly too good to be true.
Director:Kimmy Gatewood
Stars:Iliza Shlesinger, Britney Young, Christopher Nicholas Smith, Adam Lustick

To Catch a Spy (2021)
Synopsis : When the newly renovated Hotel Optima in Malta has a grand reopening, Chloe and her team from Destination Traveler Magazine, head over to cover the travel scene in Malta and sees someone fall to their death, right past her hotel window.
Director:Jeff Beesley
Stars:Nathalie Kelley, Colin Donnell, Patti Murin, Davy Eduard King

What We Found (2020)
Synopsis : A trio of friends are starting high school when their friend vanishes. With the police unable, or unwilling to find her, they take it upon themselves to find out what happened, undertaking a harrowing journey that will change them all.
Director:Ben Hickernell
Stars:Elizabeth Mitchell, Giorgia Whigham, James Ransone, Oona Laurence

Clairevoyant (2021)
Synopsis : A Los Angeles socialite and so-called wellness practitioner seeks to overcome her life of luxury and achieve nirvana after hiring a film crew to document a more authentic journey along the path of enlightenment.
Directors:Arthur De Larroche,
|     Stars:Micaela Wittman, Anousha, Amy Benedict, Arthur De Larroche

A Soldier's Story 2: Return from the Dead (2020)
Synopsis : In Watz Republic, Regina (Linda Ejiofor) confides in her friend, Zaya (Somkele Idhalama) to look after her younger brother while she goes after the desires of her heart to be with Major Egan (Tope Tedela).
Director:Frankie Ogar
Stars:Eric Roberts, John J. Vogel, Daniel K. Daniel, Somkele Iyamah-Idhalama

White Demise (2021)
Synopsis : A desperate woman embarks on a journey to find a life-saving bullet, seeking to reverse the tragic death of her daughter, but the only way to do that is through the man who revived her murderer.
Director:Daeil Kim
Stars:Kelly Macdougall, Lawrence Sams, John Spencer, Olivia Storm

Babysitter Must Die (2020)
Synopsis : Armed cultists invade a family's home, and their babysitter fights back.
Director:Kohl Glass
Stars:Riley Scott, Melinda Yeaman, Scarlett Hazen, Nathan Stevens

Only (2020)
Synopsis : Three strangers who share an obsession with true crime suddenly find themselves caught up in one.
Stars:
Martin Short, Selena Gomez, Aaron Dominguez

Cradle Did Fall (2021)
Synopsis : A woman poses as an infant photographer in order to befriend a young mother and steal her baby.
Director:Keegan Connor Tracy
Stars:Ali Liebert, Lauren K. Robek, Matreya Scarrwener, Sydney Bell

Let's Dream (2021)
Synopsis : Let, a reclusive, insomniac photographer, is hired to photograph a mysterious client in the forest late one night, and soon finds himself pulled into a bizarre, otherworldly quest.
Director:Eric Gorlow
Stars:Eric Gorlow, Kara Schaaf, Douglas M. Eames, Lucia Joyce

Vanished(2022)
Synopsis : Story of a husband and wife that will stop at nothing to find their missing daughter, who disappeared on a family camping trip. When the police don't catch any leads, the duo take over.
Director:Peter Facinelli
Stars:Anne Heche, Thomas Jane, Jason Patric, Alex Haydon

Munich(2021)
Synopsis : A British diplomat travels to Munich in the run-up to World War II, where a former classmate of his from Oxford is also en route, but is working for the German government.
Director:Christian Schwochow
Stars:George MacKay, Jannis Niewöhner, Jeremy Irons, Liv Lisa Fries

Alien(2021)
Synopsis : A crash-landed alien named Harry who takes on the identity of a small-town Colorado doctor and slowly begins to wrestle with the moral dilemma of his secret mission on Earth.
Stars:
Sara Tomko, Elizabeth Bowen, Corey Reynolds
